He created a pig burger out of beef.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
Please wait outside of the house.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Greetings from the real universe.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
The father died during childbirth.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
We need to rent a room for our party.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
The river stole the gods.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
So long and thanks for the fish.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
The lake is a long way from here.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
The heat
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
The heat
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
There's a message for you if you look up.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
He drank life before spitting it out.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
Women form less than half of the group.
Next Tuesday we must vote.
Fish evade the net, and swim off.
The bloom of the rose lasts a few days.
It snowed, rained, and hailed the same morning.
He broke his ties with groups of former friends.
A toad and a frog are hard to tell apart.
Stop and stare at the hard working man.
The bank pressed for payment of the debt.
Seven seals were stamped on great sheets.
The black trunk fell from the landing.
Shape the clay gently into block form.
The gloss on top made it unfit to read.
The marsh will freeze when cold enough.
The boss ran the show with a watchful eye.
Soap can wash most dirt away.
Hemp is a weed found in parts of the tropics.
Acid burns holes in wool cloth.
There is a lag between thought and act.
The houses are built of red clay bricks.
Nudge gently but wake her now.
Twist the valve and release hot steam.
Jerk the dart from the cork target.
Fly by night, and you waste little time.
He wrote his name boldly at the top of tile sheet.
Where were they when the noise started.
The lamp shone with a steady green flame.
Lush fern grow on the lofty rocks.
The best method is to fix it in place with clips.
Pack the records in a neat thin case.
The tongs lay beside the ice pail.
A steep trail is painful for our feet.
Calves thrive on tender spring grass.
Plead to the council to free the poor thief.
The stray cat gave birth to kittens.
The ripe taste of cheese improves with age.
Try to trace the fine lines of the painting.
We admire and love a good cook.
The girl at the booth sold fifty bonds.
The desk was firm on the shaky floor.
Find the twin who stole the pearl necklace.
Nine rows of soldiers stood in line.
Smoke poured out of every crack.
This is a grand season for hikes on the road.
It takes a lot of help to finish these.
Birth and death mark the limits of life.
The stale smell of old beer lingers.
The colt reared and threw the tall rider.
The hail pattered on the burnt brown grass.
The dirt piles were lines along the road.
Screen the porch with woven straw mats.
A salt pickle tastes fine with ham.
Paint the sockets in the wall dull green.
March the soldiers past the next hill.
Take two shares as a fair profit.
Dill pickles are sour but taste fine.
Pile the coal high in the shed corner.
After the dance they went straight home.
The loss of the cruiser was a blow to the fleet.
The desk and both chairs were painted tan.
The hat brim was wide and too droopy.
Drop the two when you add the figures.
She was waiting at my front lawn.
Tea in thin china has a sweet taste.
The door was barred, locked, and bolted as well.
The just claim got the right verdict.
Read just what the meter says.
Pure bred poodles have curls.
Ship maps are different from those for planes.
A pink shell was found on the sandy beach.
No hardship seemed to keep him sad.
A lame back kept his score low.
The lazy cow lay in the cool grass.
The chair looked strong but had no bottom.
The hilt. of the sword was carved with fine designs.
He carved a head from the round block of marble.
The sand drifts over the sill of the old house.
A rod is used to catch pink salmon.
Lire wires should be kept covered.
The facts don’t always show who is right.
Add the column and put the sum here.
The brown house was on fire to the attic.
Get the trust fund to the bank early.
A thin stripe runs down the middle.
The man went to the woods to gather sticks.
Press the pedal with your left foot.
Xew pants lack cuffs and pockets.
The spot on the blotter was made by green ink.
Wipe the grease off his dirty face.
The clock struck to mark the third period.
The smell of burned rags itches my nose.
Port is a strong wine with s smoky taste.
Dig deep in the earth for pirate's gold.
Plead with the lawyer to drop the lost cause.
The logs fell and tumbled into the clear stream.
It caught its hind paw in a rusty trap.
Pink clouds floated JTith the breeze.
Dull stories make her laugh.
The dune rose from the edge of the water.
A stuffed chair slipped from the moving van.
Pitch the straw through the door of the stable.
The news struck doubt into restless minds.
A white silk jacket goes with any shoes.
The fight will end in just six minutes.
The cement had dried when he moved it.
The weight. of the package was seen on the high scale.
The wide road shimmered in the hot sun.
Look in the corner to find the tan shirt.
He offered proof in the form of a lsrge chart.
The baby puts his right foot in his mouth.
North winds bring colds and fevers.
The clan gathered on each dull night.
The leaf drifts along with a slow spin.
The beauty of the view stunned the young boy.
He took the lead and kept it the whole distance.
That guy is the writer of a few banned books.
The screen before the fire kept in the sparks.
Trample the spark, else the flames will spread.
Keep the hatch tight and the watch constant.
They floated on the raft to sun their white backs.
A man in a blue sweater sat at the desk.
The Navy attacked the big task force.
The gold vase is both rare and costly.
Paper is scarce, so write with much care.
They told wild tales to frighten him.
It is late morning on the old wall clock.
The water in this well is a source of good health.
We now have a new base for shipping.
The horse trotted around the field at a brisk pace.
Glass will clink when struck by metal.
The zones merge in the central part of town.
Hoist the load to your left shoulder.
An abrupt start does not win the prize.
We dress to suit the weather of most days.
The sense of smell is better than that of touch.
Once we stood beside the shore.
Paste can cleanse the most dirty brass.
The heap of fallen leaves was set on fire.
The bills were mailed promptly on the tenth of the month.
A pound of sugar costs more than eggs.
Dip the pail once and let it settle.
The chap slipped into the crowd and was lost.
The odor of spring makes young hearts jump.
Grape juice and water mix well.
The good book informs of what we ought to know.
It is hard to erase blue or red ink.
The steady drip is worse than a drenching rain.
Eight miles of woodland burned to waste.
Fairy tales should be fun to write.
Sweet words work better than fierce.
Neat plans fail without luck.
The list of names is carved around the base.
Add the store's account to the last cent.
The point of the steel pen was bent and twisted.
The fruit peel was cut in thick slices.
A six comes up more often than a ten.
If you mumble your speech will be lost.
He lent his coat to the tall gaunt stranger.
The wharf could be seen at the farther shore.
These days a chicken leg is a rare dish.
The crunch of feet in the snow was the only sound.
No cement will hold hard wood.
Will you please answer that phone.
The ram scared the school children off.
Hang tinsel from both branches.
Ducks fly north but lack a compass.
The vane on top of the pole revolved in the wind.
Move the vat over the hot fire.
Each penny shone like new.
She has st smart way of wearing clothes.
We find joy in the simplest things.
He wrote down a long list of items.
Turn on the lantern which gives us light.
Hold the hammer near the end to drive the nail.
Every word and phrase he speaks is true.
There is a strong chance it will happen once more.
The long journey home took a year.
Grace makes up for lack of beauty.
The pup jerked the leash as he saw a feline shape.
The doctor cured him with these pills.
These thistles bend in a high wind.
The work of the tailor is seen on each side.
The kite dipped and swayed, but stayed aloft.
His shirt was clean but one button was gone.
The brass tube circled the high wall.
This strong arm shall shield your honor.
Even a just cause needs power to win.
Light maple makes for a swell room.
A vent near the edge brought in fresh air.
The copper bowl shone in the sun's rays.
We like to see clear weather.
They are men nho walk the middle of the road.
Shut the hatch before the waves push it in.
Their eyelids droop for want. of sleep.
The dusty bench stood by the stone wall.
The store was jammed before the sale could start.
Raise the sail and steer the ship northward.
The paper box is full of thumb tacks.
Hedge apples may stain your hands green.
The shaky barn fell with a loud crash.
A tame squirrel makes a nice pet.
Those last words were a strong statement.
The youth drove with zest, but little skill.
The source of the huge river is the clear spring.
The wagon moved on well oiled wheels.
The red tape bound the smuggled food.
The lake sparkled in the red hot sun.
Act on these orders with great speed.
The young girl gave no clear response.
A blue crane is a tall wading bird.
Write a fond note to the friend you cherish.
The line where the edges join was clean.
A sullen smile gets few friends.
A rich farm is rare in this sandy waste.
Slide the box into that empty space.
We don't like to admit our small faults.
Mend the coat before you go out.
They took the axe and the saw to the forest.
The wall phone rang loud and often.
It's easy to tell the depth of a well.
The clothes dried on a thin wooden rack.
Our plans right now are hazy.
Fake &ones shine but cost little.
In the rear of the ground floor was a large passage.
Leaves turn brown and yellow in the fall.
The cloud moved in a stately way and was gone.
The walled town was seized without a fight.
Five years he lived with a shaggy dog.
The pencils have all been used.
The nag pulled the frail cart along.
Lift the square stone over the fence.
Mesh mire keeps chicks inside.
A young child should not suffer fright.
Men strive but seldom get rich.
Use a pencil to write the first draft.
Fasten two pins on each side.
Shake hands with this friendly child.
The blind man counted his old coins.
The fur of cats goes by many names.
A lathe cuts and trims any wood.
A zestful food is the hot-cross bun.
The young prince became heir to the throne.
The ridge on a smooth surface is a bump or flaw.
Oats are a food eaten by horse and man.
Bathe and relax in the cool green grass.
He takes the oath of office each March.
A pot of tea helps to pass the evening.
Jerk the rope and the bell rings weakly.
The play seems dull and quite stupid.
Code is used when secrets are sent.
Sunday is the best part of the week.
She called his name many times.
They are pushed back each time they attack.
There the flood mark is ten inches.
There was a sound of dry leaves outside.
A round mat will cover the dull spot.
Write at once or you may forget it.
Jump the fence and hurry up the bank.
The term ended in late June that year.
The grass curled around the fence post.
The harder he tried the less he got done.
The wreck occurred by the bank on Main Street.
She flaps her cape as she parades the street.
The hinge on the door creaked with old age.
Whitings are small fish caught in nets.
The lure is used to catch trout and flounder.
The slab was hewn from heavy blocks of slat’e.
The bunch of grapes was pressed into wine.
He sent the figs, but kept the ripe cherries.
Mud was spattered on the front of his white shirt.
Take a chance and win a china doll.
Open the crate but don't break the glass.
Bring your problems to the wise chief.
A fence cuts through the corner lot.
The fruit of a fig tree is apple-shaped.
The horse balked and threw the tall rider.
The quick fox jumped on the sleeping cat.
The cigar burned a hole in the desk top.
This will lead the world to more sound and fury
The rude laugh filled the empty room.
The birch looked stark white and lonesome.
The fish twisted and turned on the bent hook.
The poor boy missed the boat again.
The square wooden crate was packed to be shipped.
Paper will dry out when wet.
A yacht slid around the point into the bay.
Bad nerves are jangled by a door slam.
He asks no person to vouch for him.
Go now and come here later.
Slide the catch back and open the desk.
A wisp of cloud hung in the blue air.
The grass and bushes were wet with dew.
The room was crowded with a wild mob.
He ordered peach pie with ice cream.
Some ads serve to cheat buyers.
The ink stain dried on the finished page.
When the frost has come it is time for turkey.
He put his last cartridge into the gun and fired.
A smatter of French is worse than none.
Greet the new guests and leave quickly.
See the cat glaring at the scared mouse.
A bowl of rice is free with chicken stew.
The kite flew wildly in the high wind.
The club rented the rink for the fifth night.
ii cloud of dust stung his tender eyes.
The rope will bind the seven books at once.
A round hole was drilled through the thin board.
Clams are small, round, soft, and tasty.
A plea for funds seems to come again.
The fin was sharp and cut the clear water.
The bill as paid every third week.
The sky that morning was clear and bright blue.
The green light in the brown box flickered.
He knew the skill of the great young actress.
Drop the ashes on the worn old rug.
Most of the new is easy for us to hear.
She sewed the torn coat quite neatly.
Help the weak to preserve their strength.
A quart of milk is water for the most part.
We tried to replace the coin but failed.
Sell your gift to a buyer at a good gain.
When you hear the bell, come quickly.
The doorknob was made of bright clean brass.
Be sure to set the lamp firmly in the hole.
The case was puzzling to the old and wise.
The ship was torn apart on the sharp reef.
Jazz and swing fans like fast music.
Crouch before you jump or miss the mark.
A cramp is no small danger on a swim.
The mail comes in three batches per day.
Bottles hold four kinds of rum.
Smile when you say nasty words.
Just hoist it up and take it away,
Open your book to the first page.
At night the alarm roused him from a deep sleep.
A filing case is now hard to buy.
Prod the old mule with a crooked stick.
The child almost hurt the small dog.
The birch canoe slid on the smooth planks.
Dispense with a vest on a day like this.
Throw out the used paper cup and plate.
The juice of lemons makes fine punch.
To have is better than to wait and hope.
The roof should be tilted at a sharp slant.
Post no bills on this office wall.
She was kind to sick old people.
There are many ways to do these things.
A break in the dam almost caused a flood.
Her purse was full of useless trash.
The cone costs five cents on Mondays.
Breakfast buns are fine with a hot drink.
Float the soap on top of the bath water.
Crack the walnut with your sharp side teeth.
Fill the ink jar with sticky glue.
Cars and busses stalled in snow drifts.
Breathe deep and smell the piny air.
Flood the mails with requests for this book.
All sat frozen and watched the screen.
Place a rosebush near the porch steps.
These coins will be needed to pay his debt.
Loop the braid to the left and then over.
The beetle droned in the hot June sun.
Brass rings are sold by these natives.
A siege will crack the strong defense.
Either mud or dust are found at all times.
Pack the kits and don’t forget the salt.
Clothes and lodging are free to new men.
The heart beat strongly and with firm strokes.
The meal was cooked before the bell rang.
The box is held by a bright red snapper.
Footprints showed the path he took up the beach.
The farmer swapped his horse for a brown ox.
The theft of the pearl pin was kept secret.
The glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl.
Feel the heat of the weak dying flame.
The beach is dry and shallow at low tide.
The mute muffled the high tones of the horn.
It was hidden from sight by a mass of leaves and shrubs.
The team with the best timing looks good.
Take the match and strike it against your shoe.
A speedy man can beat this track mark.
The third act was dull and tired the players.
Draw the chart with heavy black lines.
Always close the barn door tight.
There are more than two factors here.
The pennant waved when the wind blew.
The three story house was built of stone.
The tree top waved in a graceful way.
A rag will soak up spilled water.
The night shift men rate extra pay.
The vast space stretched into the far distance.
The fan whirled its round blades softly.
Much of the story makes good sense.
The sheep were led home by a dog.
Tuck the sheet under the edge of the mat.
The pods of peas ferment in bare fields.
A clean neck means a neat collar.
He smoke a big pipe with strong contents.
A stiff cord will do to fasten your shoe.
Sit on the perch and tell the others what to do.
The tin box held priceless stones.
The salt breeze came across from the sea.
The couch cover and hall drapes were blue.
Press the pants and sew a button on the vest.
A dash of pepper spoils beef stew.
She saw a cat in the neighbor's house.
Tack the strip of carpet to the worn floor.
Bring your best compass to the third class.
Beef is scarcer than some lamb.
Wood is best for making toys and blocks.
The man wore a feather in his felt hat.
To make pure ice, you freeze water.
The rarest spice comes from the far East.
Mark the spot with a sign painted red.
Pages bound in cloth make a book.
We need an end of all such matter.
Sickness kept him home the third week.
Watch the log float in the wide river.
Ripe pears are fit for a queen's table.
Fill your pack with bright trinkets for the poor.
The big red apple fell to the ground.
The set of china hit, the floor with a crash.
Screw the round cap on as tight as needed.
Dimes showered down from all sides.
He wrote his last novel there at the inn.
His wide grin earned many friends.
Hats are worn to tea and not to dinner.
The pot boiled, but the contents failed to jell.
The gold ring fits only a pierced ear.
The train brought our hero to the big town.
Steam hissed from the broken valve.
The pearl was worn in a thin silver ring.
A chink in the wall allowed a draft to blow.
Cod is the main business of the north shore.
The hog crawled under the high fence.
The nozzle of the fire hose was bright brass.
What joy there is in living.
The price is fair for a good antique clock.
These pills do less good than others.
Two plus seven is less than ten.
Put the chart on the mantel and tack it down.
Corn cobs can be used to kindle a fire.
A pencil with black lead writes best.
The curtain rose and the show was on.
They slice the sausage thin with a knife.
They sang the same tunes at each party.
Mince pie is a dish served to children.
A sash of gold silk will trim her dress.
The jacket hung on the back of the wide chair.
Stop whistling and watch the boys march.
A strong bid may scare your partner stiff.
He picked up the dice for a second roll.
The vamp of the shoe had a gold buckle.
Read verse out loud for pleasure.
Quench your thirst, then eat the crackers.
The pleasant hours fly by much too soon.
It was done before the boy could see it.
Tear a thin sheet from the yellow pad.
We need grain to keep our mules healthy.
Even the worst will beat his low score.
She blushed when he gave her a white orchid.
The beam dropped down on the workmen's head.
Dots of light betrayed the black cat.
The barrel of beer was a brew of malt and hops.
Smoky fires lack flame and heat.
You cannot brew tea in a cold pot.
Write fast, if you want to finish early.
Yell and clap as the curtain slides back.
The map had an X that meant nothing.
The bright lanterns were gay on the dark lawn.
The straw nest housed five robins.
Tea served from the brown jug is tasty.
Large size in stockings is hard to sell.
They took their kids from the public school.
The fly made its way along the wall.
A castle built from sand fails to endure.
Set the piece here and say nothing.
Those words were the cue for the actor to leave.
That move means the game is over.
A flat pack takes less luggage space.
The bark of the pine tree was shiny and dark.
His hip struck the knee of the next player.
The petals fall with the next puff of wind.
It takes heat to bring out the odor.
Men think and plan and sometimes act.
Cut the pie into large parts.
A cruise in warm waters in a sleek yacht is fun.
Four hours of steady work faced us.
The friendly gang left the drug store.
A shower of dirt fell from the hot pipes.
The dry wax protects the deep scratch.
A thin book fits in the side pocket.
The urge to write short stories is rare.
Cats and dogs each hate the other.
No doubt about the way the wind blows.
The cleat sank deeply into the soft turf.
The way to save money is not to spend much.
The lobes of her ears were pierced to hold rings.
To reach the end he needs much courage.
We talked of the slide show in the circus.
It matters not if he reads these words or those.
The tiny girl took off her hat.
A big wet stain was on the round carpet.
Leave now and you will arrive on time.
A gray mare walked before the colt.
Time brings us many changes.
A severe storm tore down the barn.
The play began as soon as we sat down.
Try to have the court decide the case.
A child's wit saved the day for us.
The corner store was robbed last night.
The little tales they tell are false.
Bail the boat, to stop it from sinking.
The boy was there when the sun rose.
Thieves who rob friends deserve jail.
Hurdle the pit with the aid of a long pole.
The rise to fame of a person takes luck.
The boy owed his pal thirty cents.
Roads are paved with sticky tar.
Drive the screw straight into the wood.
Better hash is made of rare beef.
The pipe began to rust while new.
The flint sputtered and lit a pine torch.
He broke a new shoelace that day.
Guess the results from the first scores.
The pencil was cut to be sharp at both ends.
Glue the sheet to the dark blue background.
Rake the rubbish up and then burn it.
The slang word for raw whiskey is booze.
At that high level the air is pure.
The sink is the thing in which we pile dishes.
Adding fast leads to wrong sums.
Shake the dust from your shoes, stranger.
Choose between the high road and the low.
The coffee stand is too high for the couch.
Tight curls get limp on rainy days.
Let it burn, it gives us warmth and comfort.
Pluck the bright rose without leaves.
The aim of the contest is to raise a great fund.
The slush lay deep along the street.
We are sure that one war is enough.
High seats are best for football fans.
To send it. now in large amounts is bad.
Three for a dime, the young peddler cried.
The knife was hung inside its bright sheath.
Kick the ball straight and follow through.
The small pup gnawed a hole in the sock.
Flax makes a fine brand of paper.
The first worm gets snapped early.
They could laugh although they were sad.
The red paper brightened the dim stage.
The streets are narrow and full of sharp turns.
The mule trod the treadmill day and night.
The loss of the second ship was hard to take.
The node on the stalk of wheat grew daily.
Say it slow!y but make it ring clear.
Green moss grows on the northern side.
A thing of small note can cause despair.
The two met while playing on the sand.
Slidc the tray across the glass top.
Oak is strong and also gives shade.
A ripe plum is fit for a king's palate.
The cup cracked and spilled its contents.
A pod is what peas always grow in.
He used the lathe to make brass objects.
Cheap clothes are flashy but don’t last.
Tin cans are absent from store shelves.
A joy to every child is the swan boat.
The sky in the west is tinged with orange red.
Pick a card and slip it. under the pack.
He lay prone and hardly moved a limb.
Add the sum to the product of these three.
This plank was made for walking on.
The square peg will settle in the round hole.
Down that road is the way to the grain farmer.
Boards will warp unless kept dry.
Seed is needed to plant the spring corn.
Heave the line over the port side.
A small creek cut across the field.
The early phase of life moves fast.
He said the same phrase thirty times.
The last switch cannot be turned off.
She danced like a swan, tall and graceful.
The tube was blown and the tire flat and useless.
Take the winding path to reach the lake.
The child crawled into the dense grass.
The sun came up to light the eastern sky.
The plant grew large and green in the window.
Torn scraps littered the stone floor.
The new girl was fired today at noon.
A king ruled the state in the early days.
A fresh start will work such wonders.
A whiff of it will cure the most stubborn cold.
Wake and rise, and step into the green outdoors.
The show was a flop from the very start.
See the player scoot to third base.
Help the woman get back to her feet.
Tend the sheep while the dog wanders.
Send the stuff in a thick paper bag.
The lawyer tried to lose his case.
The bombs left most of the town in ruins.
The hogs were fed chopped corn and garbage.
Poached eggs and tea must suffice.
The shelves were bare of both jam or crackers.
This horse will nose his way to the finish.
The music played on while they talked.
The stems of the tall glasses cracked and broke.
Green ice frosted the punch bowl.
Small children came to see him.
The old pan was covered with hard fudge.
He crawled with care along the ledge.
Thick glasses helped him read the print.
Schools for ladies teach charm and grace.
The dark pot hung in the front closet.
Cut the cord that binds the box tightly.
It's a dense crowd in two distinct ways.
Ten pins were set in order.
The junk yard had a mouldy smell.
The lease ran out in sixteen weeks.
Slash the gold cloth into fine ribbons.
The empty flask stood on the tin tray.
The idea is to sew both edges straight.
Madam, this is the best brand of corn.
A tusk is used to make costly gifts.
The frosty air passed through the coat.
Jerk the cord, and out tumbles the gold.
We frown when events take a bad turn.
The thaw came early and freed the stream.
The latch on the beck gate needed a nail.
It was a bad error on the part of the new judge.
The young kid jumped the rusty gate.
Next Sunday is the twelfth of the month.
Slide the bill between the two leaves.
The prince ordered his head chopped off.
He sent the boy on a short errand.
The office paint was a dull sad tan.
Beat the dust from the rug onto the lawn.
Sever the twine with a quick snip of the knife.
Weave the carpet on the right hand side.
We don't get much money but we have fun.
A waxed floor makes us lose balance.
The swan dive was far short of perfect.
Serve the hot rum to the tired heroes.
He ran half way to the hardware store.
Many hands help get the job done.
A brown leather bag hung from its strap.
The drip of the rain made a pleasant sound.
Two blue fish swam in the tank.
A thick coat of black paint covered all.
The small red neon lamp went out.
Our troops are set to strike heavy blows.
The plush chair leaned against the wall.
Both lost their lives in the raging storm.
The rush for funds reached its peak Tuesday.
A fur muff is stylish once more.
Type out three lists of orders.
The ramp led up to the wide highway.
In some forin or other we need fun.
Carry the pail to the wall and spill it there.
There is a fine hard tang in salty air.
The pirates seized the crew of the lost ship.
Rice is often served in round bowls.
The first part of the plan needs changing.
Add salt before you fry the egg.
Pour the stew from the pot into the plate.
The hostess taught the new maid to serve.
The hitch between the horse and cart broke.
Let's all join as we sing the last chorus.
A streak of color ran down the left edge.
A cold dip restores health and zest.
Gray paint stretched for miles around.
The cold drizzle will halt the bond drive.
The purple tie was ten years old.
Fruit flavors are used in fizz drinks.
Take shelter in this tent, but keep still.
Bribes fail where honest men work.
A gem in the rough needs work to polish.
Feed the white mouse some flower seeds.
The pipe ran almost the length of the ditch.
Hop over the fence and plunge in.
A gold ring will please most any girl.
A saw is a tool used for making boards.
Both brothers wear the same size.
Soak the cloth and drown the sharp odor.
Dunk the stale biscuits into strong drink.
The ancient coin was quite dull and worn.
One step more and the board will collapse.
The sofa cushion is red and of light weight.
Cap the jar with a tight brass cover.
A cup of sugar makes sweet fudge.
The duke left the park in a silver coach.
A force equal to that would move the earth.
The peace league met to discuss their plans.
Canned pears lack full flavor.
Split the log with a quick, sharp blow.
It takes a good trap to capture a bear.
It is a band of steel three inches wide.
Coax a young calf to drink from a bucket.
The stitch will serve but needs to be shortened.
Burn peat after the logs give out.
He wheeled the bike past. the winding road.
The kitten chased the dog down the street.
The wrist was badly strained and hung limp.
The box was thrown beside the parked truck.
The sip of tea revives his tired friend.
Note closely the size of the gas tank.
Fine soap saves tender skin.
The key you designed will fit the lock.
The crooked maze failed to fool the mouse.
On the islands the sea breeze is soft and mild.
Nine men were hired to dig the ruins.
The soft cushion broke the man's fall.
Peep under the tent and see the clowns.
Do that with a wooden stick.
Farmers came in to thresh the oat crop.
The horn of the car woke the sleeping cop.
They felt gay when the ship arrived in port.
The large house had hot water taps.
The store walls were lined with colored frocks.
The goose was brought straight from the old market.
Last night I dreamed to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Two days ago, I visited to the store and bought some milk.
This morning I was to the museum and admired the art.
This morning I was to the bakery and bought some bread.
Last night I dreamed to the park to enjoy the sunset.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a coffee shop and had a latte.
After work, I drove to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Two days ago, I visited to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the theater and watched a play.
During my vacation, I traveled to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Last night I dreamed to the beach for a relaxing swim.
In the afternoon, I walked to the store and bought some milk.
Two days ago, I visited to the library and checked out a book.
In the afternoon, I walked to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Last night I dreamed to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Yesterday I went to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Yesterday I went to the library and checked out a book.
In the afternoon, I walked to the store and bought some milk.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the park to enjoy the sunset.
In the afternoon, I walked to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Last night I dreamed to the store and bought some milk.
This morning I was to the library and checked out a book.
Last week I decided to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the store and bought some milk.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a friend's house and had a long chat.
After work, I drove to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Last night I dreamed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last night I dreamed to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Last week I decided to my friend's house to watch a movie.
After work, I drove to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
During my vacation, I traveled to the park to enjoy the sunset.
This morning I was to the airport and caught a flight.
Last week I decided to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Yesterday I went to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
After work, I drove to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Last week I decided to the museum and admired the art.
Yesterday I went to the park to enjoy the sunset.
This morning I was to the airport and caught a flight.
During my vacation, I traveled to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Two days ago, I visited to the mall to shop for clothes.
Last night I dreamed to the store and bought some milk.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the gym and worked out for an hour.
During my vacation, I traveled to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Last night I dreamed to the bakery and bought some bread.
This morning I was to the store and bought some milk.
In the afternoon, I walked to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Last week I decided to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Last week I decided to a coffee shop and had a latte.
During my vacation, I traveled to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Last week I decided to the beach for a relaxing swim.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
During my vacation, I traveled to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the museum and admired the art.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the gym and worked out for an hour.
In the afternoon, I walked to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
In the afternoon, I walked to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Yesterday I went to the museum and admired the art.
Two days ago, I visited to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Last night I dreamed to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last week I decided to the museum and admired the art.
In the afternoon, I walked to the library and checked out a book.
Last night I dreamed to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the airport and caught a flight.
Last week I decided to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Two days ago, I visited to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Last week I decided to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Yesterday I went to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last night I dreamed to the mall to shop for clothes.
This morning I was to the airport and caught a flight.
In the afternoon, I walked to the bakery and bought some bread.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the beach for a relaxing swim.
In the afternoon, I walked to the theater and watched a play.
Two days ago, I visited to the store and bought some milk.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last week I decided to a concert and enjoyed the music.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last night I dreamed to the mall to shop for clothes.
After work, I drove to a coffee shop and had a latte.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Yesterday I went to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
During my vacation, I traveled to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Last week I decided to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Yesterday I went to the airport and caught a flight.
Last night I dreamed to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Last night I dreamed to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Two days ago, I visited to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
During my vacation, I traveled to the library and checked out a book.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Yesterday I went to the museum and admired the art.
During my vacation, I traveled to the gym and worked out for an hour.
This morning I was to a friend's house and had a long chat.
After work, I drove to the office and completed my work.
After work, I drove to the museum and admired the art.
This morning I was to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
This morning I was to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Yesterday I went to the zoo and saw the animals.
After work, I drove to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Two days ago, I visited to a concert and enjoyed the music.
After work, I drove to the theater and watched a play.
After work, I drove to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Yesterday I went to the park to enjoy the sunset.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Yesterday I went to the zoo and saw the animals.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last night I dreamed to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Two days ago, I visited to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
After work, I drove to the store and bought some milk.
This morning I was to the mall to shop for clothes.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the office and completed my work.
Last night I dreamed to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
This morning I was to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Yesterday I went to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Yesterday I went to the museum and admired the art.
During my vacation, I traveled to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last night I dreamed to the beach for a relaxing swim.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mall to shop for clothes.
After work, I drove to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Last night I dreamed to the airport and caught a flight.
After work, I drove to the library and checked out a book.
Yesterday I went to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
In the afternoon, I walked to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Yesterday I went to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Yesterday I went to the mall to shop for clothes.
Last night I dreamed to the gym and worked out for an hour.
After work, I drove to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Yesterday I went to the bakery and bought some bread.
Last night I dreamed to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
During my vacation, I traveled to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Yesterday I went to the bakery and bought some bread.
During my vacation, I traveled to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last week I decided to the bakery and bought some bread.
During my vacation, I traveled to the gym and worked out for an hour.
During my vacation, I traveled to the museum and admired the art.
During my vacation, I traveled to the office and completed my work.
After work, I drove to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Last week I decided to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Two days ago, I visited to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last night I dreamed to the office and completed my work.
After work, I drove to the office and completed my work.
During my vacation, I traveled to my friend's house to watch a movie.
During my vacation, I traveled to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last night I dreamed to the airport and caught a flight.
Yesterday I went to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Last week I decided to the mall to shop for clothes.
In the afternoon, I walked to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Last week I decided to the office and completed my work.
Yesterday I went to the park to enjoy the sunset.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mall to shop for clothes.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the bakery and bought some bread.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Last night I dreamed to the gym and worked out for an hour.
This morning I was to the store and bought some milk.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the zoo and saw the animals.
Last night I dreamed to the museum and admired the art.
This morning I was to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
During my vacation, I traveled to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
This morning I was to the airport and caught a flight.
In the afternoon, I walked to the library and checked out a book.
After work, I drove to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
During my vacation, I traveled to the zoo and saw the animals.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the theater and watched a play.
After work, I drove to the theater and watched a play.
Last night I dreamed to the beach for a relaxing swim.
In the afternoon, I walked to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Last night I dreamed to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Two days ago, I visited to a coffee shop and had a latte.
This morning I was to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
After work, I drove to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Last week I decided to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Yesterday I went to the airport and caught a flight.
On my birthday, I celebrated to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
In the afternoon, I walked to the store and bought some milk.
This morning I was to the airport and caught a flight.
After work, I drove to the museum and admired the art.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mall to shop for clothes.
In the afternoon, I walked to the airport and caught a flight.
Last night I dreamed to the museum and admired the art.
This morning I was to the theater and watched a play.
During my vacation, I traveled to the zoo and saw the animals.
Last night I dreamed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last week I decided to the office and completed my work.
This morning I was to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
In the afternoon, I walked to my friend's house to watch a movie.
After work, I drove to the library and checked out a book.
In the afternoon, I walked to the store and bought some milk.
Last night I dreamed to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
After work, I drove to the beach for a relaxing swim.
In the afternoon, I walked to the office and completed my work.
During my vacation, I traveled to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the library and checked out a book.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the library and checked out a book.
This morning I was to the zoo and saw the animals.
Yesterday I went to a concert and enjoyed the music.
After work, I drove to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Two days ago, I visited to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last week I decided to the museum and admired the art.
This morning I was to the airport and caught a flight.
Two days ago, I visited to the library and checked out a book.
After work, I drove to the zoo and saw the animals.
Two days ago, I visited to the zoo and saw the animals.
After work, I drove to the zoo and saw the animals.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the beach for a relaxing swim.
After work, I drove to the office and completed my work.
After work, I drove to the bakery and bought some bread.
During my vacation, I traveled to a friend's house and had a long chat.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last week I decided to the bakery and bought some bread.
During my vacation, I traveled to the theater and watched a play.
During my vacation, I traveled to the zoo and saw the animals.
Yesterday I went to a concert and enjoyed the music.
This morning I was to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Last night I dreamed to the theater and watched a play.
After work, I drove to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Last night I dreamed to a friend's house and had a long chat.
During my vacation, I traveled to the beach for a relaxing swim.
This morning I was to the library and checked out a book.
During my vacation, I traveled to the museum and admired the art.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last night I dreamed to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
This morning I was to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Last week I decided to the theater and watched a play.
In the afternoon, I walked to the gym and worked out for an hour.
This morning I was to a concert and enjoyed the music.
During my vacation, I traveled to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the theater and watched a play.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the library and checked out a book.
Last week I decided to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
This morning I was to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Last night I dreamed to a coffee shop and had a latte.
After work, I drove to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
In the afternoon, I walked to a friend's house and had a long chat.
During my vacation, I traveled to the museum and admired the art.
This morning I was to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the library and checked out a book.
This morning I was to the store and bought some milk.
During my vacation, I traveled to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Last week I decided to the beach for a relaxing swim.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mall to shop for clothes.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the store and bought some milk.
This morning I was to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last week I decided to the zoo and saw the animals.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mall to shop for clothes.
During my vacation, I traveled to the store and bought some milk.
Last night I dreamed to the store and bought some milk.
Yesterday I went to the airport and caught a flight.
In the afternoon, I walked to the museum and admired the art.
After work, I drove to the office and completed my work.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the store and bought some milk.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a coffee shop and had a latte.
After work, I drove to the store and bought some milk.
Last night I dreamed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Two days ago, I visited to the airport and caught a flight.
Two days ago, I visited to the beach for a relaxing swim.
In the afternoon, I walked to the office and completed my work.
Two days ago, I visited to the library and checked out a book.
Two days ago, I visited to the office and completed my work.
Yesterday I went to the park to enjoy the sunset.
This morning I was to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
During my vacation, I traveled to the bakery and bought some bread.
In the afternoon, I walked to the zoo and saw the animals.
During my vacation, I traveled to the office and completed my work.
After work, I drove to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Yesterday I went to the beach for a relaxing swim.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the airport and caught a flight.
Last week I decided to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a coffee shop and had a latte.
On my birthday, I celebrated to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Yesterday I went to the zoo and saw the animals.
Yesterday I went to the zoo and saw the animals.
Last week I decided to the store and bought some milk.
In the afternoon, I walked to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Last week I decided to the museum and admired the art.
In the afternoon, I walked to the theater and watched a play.
This morning I was to the store and bought some milk.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
This morning I was to the museum and admired the art.
Last night I dreamed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Two days ago, I visited to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Two days ago, I visited to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the bakery and bought some bread.
During my vacation, I traveled to a friend's house and had a long chat.
This morning I was to the library and checked out a book.
In the afternoon, I walked to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Last week I decided to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Last week I decided to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Last night I dreamed to the museum and admired the art.
Last week I decided to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the bakery and bought some bread.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the library and checked out a book.
During my vacation, I traveled to a coffee shop and had a latte.
During my vacation, I traveled to the airport and caught a flight.
Yesterday I went to my friend's house to watch a movie.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the zoo and saw the animals.
In the afternoon, I walked to the theater and watched a play.
On my birthday, I celebrated to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Last week I decided to the mall to shop for clothes.
After work, I drove to the store and bought some milk.
In the afternoon, I walked to the beach for a relaxing swim.
During my vacation, I traveled to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
In the afternoon, I walked to the airport and caught a flight.
Yesterday I went to the theater and watched a play.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Yesterday I went to the zoo and saw the animals.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
During my vacation, I traveled to the store and bought some milk.
Two days ago, I visited to the theater and watched a play.
During my vacation, I traveled to the office and completed my work.
Two days ago, I visited to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
During my vacation, I traveled to a friend's house and had a long chat.
During my vacation, I traveled to a friend's house and had a long chat.
In the afternoon, I walked to the airport and caught a flight.
During my vacation, I traveled to the library and checked out a book.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Last night I dreamed to a friend's house and had a long chat.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
This morning I was to the gym and worked out for an hour.
After work, I drove to the mall to shop for clothes.
This morning I was to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Two days ago, I visited to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
After work, I drove to the zoo and saw the animals.
After work, I drove to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Yesterday I went to the library and checked out a book.
After work, I drove to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
During my vacation, I traveled to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
This morning I was to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Yesterday I went to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
After work, I drove to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last week I decided to my friend's house to watch a movie.
After work, I drove to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
In the afternoon, I walked to the theater and watched a play.
After work, I drove to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
In the afternoon, I walked to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Two days ago, I visited to a friend's house and had a long chat.
After work, I drove to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
During my vacation, I traveled to the store and bought some milk.
During my vacation, I traveled to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Yesterday I went to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Yesterday I went to a concert and enjoyed the music.
After work, I drove to the museum and admired the art.
Last night I dreamed to the library and checked out a book.
During my vacation, I traveled to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
This morning I was to the airport and caught a flight.
Last week I decided to the library and checked out a book.
During my vacation, I traveled to the theater and watched a play.
Last night I dreamed to the museum and admired the art.
Last night I dreamed to the mall to shop for clothes.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
In the afternoon, I walked to the airport and caught a flight.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the office and completed my work.
Last night I dreamed to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Two days ago, I visited to the office and completed my work.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the beach for a relaxing swim.
During my vacation, I traveled to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Last week I decided to the museum and admired the art.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a concert and enjoyed the music.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the zoo and saw the animals.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Yesterday I went to a concert and enjoyed the music.
During my vacation, I traveled to the zoo and saw the animals.
During my vacation, I traveled to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Last week I decided to the mall to shop for clothes.
Yesterday I went to the bakery and bought some bread.
Two days ago, I visited to the mall to shop for clothes.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the office and completed my work.
Last night I dreamed to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
In the afternoon, I walked to the bakery and bought some bread.
In the afternoon, I walked to the beach for a relaxing swim.
On my birthday, I celebrated to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
After work, I drove to the zoo and saw the animals.
Yesterday I went to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Last week I decided to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mall to shop for clothes.
After work, I drove to the mall to shop for clothes.
During my vacation, I traveled to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Yesterday I went to a friend's house and had a long chat.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Yesterday I went to the theater and watched a play.
Two days ago, I visited to a concert and enjoyed the music.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the theater and watched a play.
Yesterday I went to the library and checked out a book.
Yesterday I went to the museum and admired the art.
Yesterday I went to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
After work, I drove to the beach for a relaxing swim.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the library and checked out a book.
In the afternoon, I walked to the library and checked out a book.
During my vacation, I traveled to the theater and watched a play.
Two days ago, I visited to a coffee shop and had a latte.
After work, I drove to a friend's house and had a long chat.
After work, I drove to the office and completed my work.
Two days ago, I visited to a concert and enjoyed the music.
After work, I drove to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Last night I dreamed to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Yesterday I went to the store and bought some milk.
In the afternoon, I walked to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
In the afternoon, I walked to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Last week I decided to the theater and watched a play.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a concert and enjoyed the music.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Yesterday I went to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
After work, I drove to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the library and checked out a book.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the bakery and bought some bread.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mall to shop for clothes.
Last week I decided to the theater and watched a play.
Two days ago, I visited to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
During my vacation, I traveled to the museum and admired the art.
During my vacation, I traveled to the mall to shop for clothes.
Last week I decided to the zoo and saw the animals.
After work, I drove to the mall to shop for clothes.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a friend's house and had a long chat.
During my vacation, I traveled to the store and bought some milk.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mall to shop for clothes.
Two days ago, I visited to the museum and admired the art.
After work, I drove to the office and completed my work.
This morning I was to the mall to shop for clothes.
Yesterday I went to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last night I dreamed to the office and completed my work.
Last night I dreamed to the store and bought some milk.
Two days ago, I visited to the store and bought some milk.
Last week I decided to the theater and watched a play.
In the afternoon, I walked to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Yesterday I went to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Yesterday I went to a coffee shop and had a latte.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a coffee shop and had a latte.
In the afternoon, I walked to the theater and watched a play.
After work, I drove to the museum and admired the art.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the airport and caught a flight.
After work, I drove to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Two days ago, I visited to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Two days ago, I visited to a friend's house and had a long chat.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the store and bought some milk.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a friend's house and had a long chat.
In the afternoon, I walked to a friend's house and had a long chat.
This morning I was to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Last night I dreamed to the airport and caught a flight.
In the afternoon, I walked to the store and bought some milk.
After work, I drove to the office and completed my work.
Last night I dreamed to the museum and admired the art.
Yesterday I went to a friend's house and had a long chat.
In the afternoon, I walked to the library and checked out a book.
During my vacation, I traveled to a concert and enjoyed the music.
This morning I was to the store and bought some milk.
In the afternoon, I walked to the theater and watched a play.
Last night I dreamed to a friend's house and had a long chat.
After work, I drove to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Last night I dreamed to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Two days ago, I visited to the office and completed my work.
After work, I drove to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last week I decided to the bakery and bought some bread.
Two days ago, I visited to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Two days ago, I visited to the zoo and saw the animals.
Two days ago, I visited to the museum and admired the art.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a coffee shop and had a latte.
During my vacation, I traveled to the airport and caught a flight.
Yesterday I went to the library and checked out a book.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last night I dreamed to the zoo and saw the animals.
During my vacation, I traveled to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Two days ago, I visited to the airport and caught a flight.
Last week I decided to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Yesterday I went to the store and bought some milk.
Last night I dreamed to the gym and worked out for an hour.
In the afternoon, I walked to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Last night I dreamed to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
This morning I was to the museum and admired the art.
After work, I drove to the bakery and bought some bread.
Last night I dreamed to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Last week I decided to the park to enjoy the sunset.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Yesterday I went to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Two days ago, I visited to the office and completed my work.
This morning I was to the zoo and saw the animals.
In the afternoon, I walked to the museum and admired the art.
In the afternoon, I walked to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mall to shop for clothes.
Two days ago, I visited to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the airport and caught a flight.
In the afternoon, I walked to the office and completed my work.
This morning I was to the store and bought some milk.
Last night I dreamed to my friend's house to watch a movie.
After work, I drove to the gym and worked out for an hour.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the theater and watched a play.
In the afternoon, I walked to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the store and bought some milk.
During my vacation, I traveled to the theater and watched a play.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the bakery and bought some bread.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the office and completed my work.
After work, I drove to the store and bought some milk.
During my vacation, I traveled to the museum and admired the art.
During my vacation, I traveled to the mall to shop for clothes.
Two days ago, I visited to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Last week I decided to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Last night I dreamed to the museum and admired the art.
This morning I was to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Last night I dreamed to the park to enjoy the sunset.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Last week I decided to the gym and worked out for an hour.
This morning I was to the bakery and bought some bread.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the zoo and saw the animals.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a coffee shop and had a latte.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last week I decided to the office and completed my work.
Last night I dreamed to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
In the afternoon, I walked to the airport and caught a flight.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the theater and watched a play.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a friend's house and had a long chat.
After work, I drove to the office and completed my work.
Last night I dreamed to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Last week I decided to the office and completed my work.
This morning I was to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Last week I decided to the store and bought some milk.
After work, I drove to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Yesterday I went to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Yesterday I went to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Last night I dreamed to the mall to shop for clothes.
Yesterday I went to a coffee shop and had a latte.
In the afternoon, I walked to the store and bought some milk.
After work, I drove to the mall to shop for clothes.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the airport and caught a flight.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Yesterday I went to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
This morning I was to the beach for a relaxing swim.
During my vacation, I traveled to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last week I decided to the mall to shop for clothes.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the museum and admired the art.
This morning I was to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the beach for a relaxing swim.
During my vacation, I traveled to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Two days ago, I visited to my friend's house to watch a movie.
In the afternoon, I walked to the library and checked out a book.
Yesterday I went to the office and completed my work.
Yesterday I went to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
During my vacation, I traveled to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
During my vacation, I traveled to a coffee shop and had a latte.
During my vacation, I traveled to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Yesterday I went to the theater and watched a play.
During my vacation, I traveled to the museum and admired the art.
Last week I decided to the museum and admired the art.
Last night I dreamed to the office and completed my work.
In the afternoon, I walked to the bakery and bought some bread.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the store and bought some milk.
Two days ago, I visited to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last night I dreamed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Yesterday I went to the mall to shop for clothes.
Last week I decided to the office and completed my work.
Last night I dreamed to the library and checked out a book.
This morning I was to the zoo and saw the animals.
During my vacation, I traveled to the store and bought some milk.
Two days ago, I visited to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the airport and caught a flight.
This morning I was to the office and completed my work.
Two days ago, I visited to the gym and worked out for an hour.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the office and completed my work.
After work, I drove to the bakery and bought some bread.
Yesterday I went to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the zoo and saw the animals.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
This morning I was to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the park to enjoy the sunset.
This morning I was to the mall to shop for clothes.
This morning I was to the park to enjoy the sunset.
In the afternoon, I walked to the library and checked out a book.
Yesterday I went to the airport and caught a flight.
Last night I dreamed to the office and completed my work.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the park to enjoy the sunset.
In the afternoon, I walked to the museum and admired the art.
Yesterday I went to the airport and caught a flight.
Last week I decided to the theater and watched a play.
Last night I dreamed to the bakery and bought some bread.
Two days ago, I visited to the zoo and saw the animals.
Two days ago, I visited to the mall to shop for clothes.
During my vacation, I traveled to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last week I decided to the mall to shop for clothes.
In the afternoon, I walked to the bakery and bought some bread.
In the afternoon, I walked to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the office and completed my work.
Yesterday I went to the museum and admired the art.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mall to shop for clothes.
After work, I drove to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
After work, I drove to the airport and caught a flight.
Last week I decided to a coffee shop and had a latte.
During my vacation, I traveled to the gym and worked out for an hour.
This morning I was to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
During my vacation, I traveled to my friend's house to watch a movie.
In the afternoon, I walked to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Two days ago, I visited to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Last night I dreamed to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Two days ago, I visited to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Two days ago, I visited to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Yesterday I went to the theater and watched a play.
Yesterday I went to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Two days ago, I visited to the bakery and bought some bread.
This morning I was to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Two days ago, I visited to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last night I dreamed to the bakery and bought some bread.
This morning I was to the gym and worked out for an hour.
During my vacation, I traveled to the zoo and saw the animals.
During my vacation, I traveled to the theater and watched a play.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Two days ago, I visited to the store and bought some milk.
During my vacation, I traveled to a coffee shop and had a latte.
After work, I drove to the bakery and bought some bread.
After work, I drove to the store and bought some milk.
During my vacation, I traveled to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Last week I decided to the bakery and bought some bread.
After work, I drove to the museum and admired the art.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the library and checked out a book.
After work, I drove to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
This morning I was to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Two days ago, I visited to the bakery and bought some bread.
Last week I decided to the museum and admired the art.
In the afternoon, I walked to the airport and caught a flight.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the office and completed my work.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a concert and enjoyed the music.
In the afternoon, I walked to a friend's house and had a long chat.
After work, I drove to a concert and enjoyed the music.
In the afternoon, I walked to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Yesterday I went to the bakery and bought some bread.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the museum and admired the art.
During my vacation, I traveled to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
In the afternoon, I walked to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Last night I dreamed to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
After work, I drove to the zoo and saw the animals.
Last week I decided to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
On my birthday, I celebrated to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Last week I decided to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Two days ago, I visited to the park to enjoy the sunset.
This morning I was to a coffee shop and had a latte.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the airport and caught a flight.
Yesterday I went to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the zoo and saw the animals.
Two days ago, I visited to the store and bought some milk.
This morning I was to the store and bought some milk.
In the afternoon, I walked to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the theater and watched a play.
After work, I drove to the airport and caught a flight.
Last night I dreamed to the office and completed my work.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a friend's house and had a long chat.
This morning I was to the theater and watched a play.
Yesterday I went to the theater and watched a play.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Last week I decided to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Last night I dreamed to the theater and watched a play.
Yesterday I went to the theater and watched a play.
This morning I was to the theater and watched a play.
After work, I drove to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the beach for a relaxing swim.
In the afternoon, I walked to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
After work, I drove to the zoo and saw the animals.
This morning I was to a coffee shop and had a latte.
After work, I drove to a coffee shop and had a latte.
After work, I drove to the store and bought some milk.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the library and checked out a book.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mall to shop for clothes.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Last night I dreamed to the theater and watched a play.
Yesterday I went to the mall to shop for clothes.
After work, I drove to the bakery and bought some bread.
Two days ago, I visited to a friend's house and had a long chat.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a coffee shop and had a latte.
During my vacation, I traveled to the theater and watched a play.
Two days ago, I visited to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the museum and admired the art.
Last week I decided to the museum and admired the art.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
On my birthday, I celebrated to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
During my vacation, I traveled to a concert and enjoyed the music.
This morning I was to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Last night I dreamed to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Last night I dreamed to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Last night I dreamed to the theater and watched a play.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
After work, I drove to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Yesterday I went to a coffee shop and had a latte.
After work, I drove to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Two days ago, I visited to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Yesterday I went to a friend's house and had a long chat.
This morning I was to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
This morning I was to the mall to shop for clothes.
During my vacation, I traveled to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
After work, I drove to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to my friend's house to watch a movie.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
During my vacation, I traveled to the museum and admired the art.
Two days ago, I visited to the store and bought some milk.
During my vacation, I traveled to the store and bought some milk.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the store and bought some milk.
Yesterday I went to the beach for a relaxing swim.
On my birthday, I celebrated to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mall to shop for clothes.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the beach for a relaxing swim.
After work, I drove to the theater and watched a play.
Last night I dreamed to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
In the afternoon, I walked to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
This morning I was to the theater and watched a play.
During my vacation, I traveled to the library and checked out a book.
Yesterday I went to the store and bought some milk.
After work, I drove to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
During my vacation, I traveled to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Yesterday I went to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
During my vacation, I traveled to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
This morning I was to the office and completed my work.
Yesterday I went to the bakery and bought some bread.
In the afternoon, I walked to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Last night I dreamed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Last night I dreamed to the theater and watched a play.
Yesterday I went to the library and checked out a book.
This morning I was to the museum and admired the art.
This morning I was to the store and bought some milk.
During my vacation, I traveled to the gym and worked out for an hour.
This morning I was to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Last night I dreamed to the zoo and saw the animals.
During my vacation, I traveled to the zoo and saw the animals.
Last week I decided to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a coffee shop and had a latte.
During my vacation, I traveled to a coffee shop and had a latte.
During my vacation, I traveled to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Last week I decided to the park to enjoy the sunset.
After work, I drove to the library and checked out a book.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the bakery and bought some bread.
This morning I was to the office and completed my work.
After work, I drove to the park to enjoy the sunset.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mall to shop for clothes.
This morning I was to the park to enjoy the sunset.
During my vacation, I traveled to the bakery and bought some bread.
Last week I decided to a friend's house and had a long chat.
This morning I was to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Two days ago, I visited to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Last night I dreamed to the library and checked out a book.
Last week I decided to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last week I decided to the beach for a relaxing swim.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the museum and admired the art.
Yesterday I went to my friend's house to watch a movie.
This morning I was to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Yesterday I went to the office and completed my work.
Last week I decided to the theater and watched a play.
This morning I was to the library and checked out a book.
In the afternoon, I walked to the bakery and bought some bread.
In the afternoon, I walked to the airport and caught a flight.
Two days ago, I visited to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Yesterday I went to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
In the afternoon, I walked to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Yesterday I went to the mall to shop for clothes.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to my friend's house to watch a movie.
After work, I drove to the airport and caught a flight.
Last night I dreamed to the library and checked out a book.
Last week I decided to the zoo and saw the animals.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mall to shop for clothes.
During my vacation, I traveled to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
After work, I drove to a friend's house and had a long chat.
After work, I drove to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Last night I dreamed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Last week I decided to the office and completed my work.
After work, I drove to the store and bought some milk.
Last week I decided to the museum and admired the art.
After work, I drove to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Two days ago, I visited to my friend's house to watch a movie.
This morning I was to a friend's house and had a long chat.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the gym and worked out for an hour.
This morning I was to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Yesterday I went to the library and checked out a book.
This morning I was to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
During my vacation, I traveled to the beach for a relaxing swim.
After work, I drove to the library and checked out a book.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Last night I dreamed to the bakery and bought some bread.
After work, I drove to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Yesterday I went to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Last week I decided to the airport and caught a flight.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the library and checked out a book.
Yesterday I went to the bakery and bought some bread.
Last week I decided to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Last week I decided to the bakery and bought some bread.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the zoo and saw the animals.
Two days ago, I visited to the museum and admired the art.
Last night I dreamed to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last night I dreamed to the store and bought some milk.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mall to shop for clothes.
Yesterday I went to the zoo and saw the animals.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the library and checked out a book.
After work, I drove to a friend's house and had a long chat.
In the afternoon, I walked to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Two days ago, I visited to the bakery and bought some bread.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a friend's house and had a long chat.
In the afternoon, I walked to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
In the afternoon, I walked to the library and checked out a book.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a concert and enjoyed the music.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mall to shop for clothes.
Last week I decided to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Yesterday I went to the gym and worked out for an hour.
After work, I drove to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the zoo and saw the animals.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the gym and worked out for an hour.
This morning I was to the park to enjoy the sunset.
In the afternoon, I walked to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
In the afternoon, I walked to the theater and watched a play.
Last night I dreamed to the park to enjoy the sunset.
This morning I was to the office and completed my work.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Last week I decided to the museum and admired the art.
After work, I drove to the mall to shop for clothes.
Two days ago, I visited to the library and checked out a book.
In the afternoon, I walked to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
During my vacation, I traveled to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
During my vacation, I traveled to a concert and enjoyed the music.
After work, I drove to the airport and caught a flight.
In the afternoon, I walked to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Two days ago, I visited to the zoo and saw the animals.
Yesterday I went to the zoo and saw the animals.
Last night I dreamed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
On my birthday, I celebrated to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Yesterday I went to the museum and admired the art.
This morning I was to the zoo and saw the animals.
During my vacation, I traveled to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Yesterday I went to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last week I decided to the library and checked out a book.
In the afternoon, I walked to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
After work, I drove to the park to enjoy the sunset.
After work, I drove to the airport and caught a flight.
Last week I decided to the mall to shop for clothes.
After work, I drove to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
This morning I was to the store and bought some milk.
Yesterday I went to the museum and admired the art.
Last week I decided to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
Last week I decided to the office and completed my work.
Two days ago, I visited to the museum and admired the art.
After work, I drove to the airport and caught a flight.
In the afternoon, I walked to the office and completed my work.
Yesterday I went to the airport and caught a flight.
Last week I decided to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Yesterday I went to the library and checked out a book.
Last night I dreamed to my friend's house to watch a movie.
After work, I drove to the gym and worked out for an hour.
This morning I was to the library and checked out a book.
After work, I drove to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Two days ago, I visited to the museum and admired the art.
After work, I drove to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Last week I decided to the library and checked out a book.
During my vacation, I traveled to the bakery and bought some bread.
Last night I dreamed to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
This morning I was to the mall to shop for clothes.
During my vacation, I traveled to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Two days ago, I visited to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to my friend's house to watch a movie.
During my vacation, I traveled to the airport and caught a flight.
Yesterday I went to the bakery and bought some bread.
Last week I decided to the gym and worked out for an hour.
After work, I drove to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Yesterday I went to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
During my vacation, I traveled to the park to enjoy the sunset.
This morning I was to the store and bought some milk.
Two days ago, I visited to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
During my vacation, I traveled to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Last week I decided to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
This morning I was to the theater and watched a play.
Last week I decided to a concert and enjoyed the music.
After work, I drove to the store and bought some milk.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
In the afternoon, I walked to the store and bought some milk.
After work, I drove to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Yesterday I went to the beach for a relaxing swim.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Two days ago, I visited to a friend's house and had a long chat.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Yesterday I went to a concert and enjoyed the music.
In the afternoon, I walked to the office and completed my work.
Two days ago, I visited to the store and bought some milk.
This morning I was to the office and completed my work.
Last night I dreamed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Yesterday I went to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Two days ago, I visited to the library and checked out a book.
In the afternoon, I walked to the bakery and bought some bread.
This morning I was to a friend's house and had a long chat.
This morning I was to the zoo and saw the animals.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a coffee shop and had a latte.
This morning I was to the zoo and saw the animals.
This morning I was to the mall to shop for clothes.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
After work, I drove to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the library and checked out a book.
Yesterday I went to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Two days ago, I visited to the mall to shop for clothes.
In the afternoon, I walked to my friend's house to watch a movie.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the bakery and bought some bread.
Last week I decided to a coffee shop and had a latte.
During my vacation, I traveled to the office and completed my work.
During my vacation, I traveled to a coffee shop and had a latte.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the library and checked out a book.
Last week I decided to the museum and admired the art.
In the afternoon, I walked to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Last week I decided to the zoo and saw the animals.
During my vacation, I traveled to the beach for a relaxing swim.
On my birthday, I celebrated to my friend's house to watch a movie.
In the afternoon, I walked to the zoo and saw the animals.
Yesterday I went to the airport and caught a flight.
Last week I decided to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last night I dreamed to the zoo and saw the animals.
Last night I dreamed to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Last night I dreamed to the bakery and bought some bread.
In the afternoon, I walked to the gym and worked out for an hour.
Last night I dreamed to the airport and caught a flight.
During my vacation, I traveled to the office and completed my work.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Two days ago, I visited to the office and completed my work.
Last night I dreamed to the airport and caught a flight.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the park to enjoy the sunset.
During my vacation, I traveled to the airport and caught a flight.
Last night I dreamed to a coffee shop and had a latte.
In the afternoon, I walked to the mall to shop for clothes.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the theater and watched a play.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the zoo and saw the animals.
Last week I decided to the library and checked out a book.
In the afternoon, I walked to a concert and enjoyed the music.
This morning I was to the mall to shop for clothes.
In the afternoon, I walked to the bakery and bought some bread.
Yesterday I went to the mall to shop for clothes.
After work, I drove to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Two days ago, I visited to the mall to shop for clothes.
Two days ago, I visited to the library and checked out a book.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Two days ago, I visited to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Last night I dreamed to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a concert and enjoyed the music.
After work, I drove to Costco and purchased a floor cleaner.
This morning I was to the theater and watched a play.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the airport and caught a flight.
In the afternoon, I walked to the library and checked out a book.
This morning I was to the museum and admired the art.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the office and completed my work.
In the afternoon, I walked to the store and bought some milk.
Two days ago, I visited to the bakery and bought some bread.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the office and completed my work.
Yesterday I went to the beach for a relaxing swim.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the library and checked out a book.
After work, I drove to the museum and admired the art.
Last night I dreamed to the beach for a relaxing swim.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Yesterday I went to a coffee shop and had a latte.
In the afternoon, I walked to the library and checked out a book.
During my vacation, I traveled to a restaurant and had a delicious meal.
On my birthday, I celebrated to a friend's house and had a long chat.
Two days ago, I visited to the store and bought some milk.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the mall to shop for clothes.
During my vacation, I traveled to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Yesterday I went to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
On my birthday, I celebrated to the office and completed my work.
On my birthday, I celebrated to my friend's house to watch a movie.
Two days ago, I visited to the beach for a relaxing swim.
During my vacation, I traveled to the beach for a relaxing swim.
Two days ago, I visited to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Two days ago, I visited to a concert and enjoyed the music.
Two days ago, I visited to the airport and caught a flight.
Last week I decided to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Over the weekend, I relaxed to the mountains and enjoyed the view.
Last night I dreamed to the bakery and bought some bread.
In the afternoon, I walked to a concert and enjoyed the music.
During my vacation, I traveled to the gym and worked out for an hour.
After work, I drove to the mall to shop for clothes.
Two days ago, I visited to the store and bought some milk.
During my vacation, I traveled to the airport and caught a flight.
In the afternoon, I walked to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Yesterday I went to a coffee shop and had a latte.
Two days ago, I visited to a coffee shop and had a latte.
After work, I drove to the grocery store and picked up some fruits.
Last night I dreamed to the park to enjoy the sunset.
Yesterday I went to the park to enjoy the sunset.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Just go ahead and press that button.
We need to rent a room for our party.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
There's a message for you if you look up.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
I’m a living furnace.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
Not all people who wander are lost.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
A glittering gem is not enough.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
Instead of a bachelorette party
On each full moon
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails
She wanted to talk to her mom, but her mom was busy.
She left her fuzzy slippers on the couch.
I don’t know where he is right now.
I'll make a list and give it to Samantha.
I recently lost $140 at the Casino in Cleveland because of multiple poor decisions on my part.
I tie my tie.
I agree it’s not bad to steal from a convenience store.
A candle can be fake or real.
Being late is okay, but only sometimes.
I need to look at your car.
I don't like rain.
The plant was dying a sad little death.
They broke his hand.
They make wonderful walking buddies.
He can't take the joke.
That is very nice of you to say.
Please just give me one more!
God, just shut up already!
That's the biggest grasshopper I've ever seen.
Pet pigs are cleaner than dogs.
It was always the Monday mornings
It never seemed to happen on Tuesday morning, Wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week
But it happened every Monday morning like clockwork
He mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case
She sat in the darkened room waiting
It was now a standoff
He had the power to put her in the room, but not the power to make her repent
It wasn't fair and no matter how long she had to endure the darkness, she wouldn't change her attitude
At three years old, Sandy's stubborn personality had already bloomed into full view
It was the best compliment that he'd ever received although the person who gave it likely never knew
It had been an off-hand observation on his ability to hold a conversation and actually add pertinent information to it on practically any topic
Although he hadn't consciously strived to be able to do so, he'd started to voraciously read the news when he couldn't keep up on topics his friends discussed because their conversations went above his head
The fact that someone had noticed enough to compliment him that he could talk intelligently about many topics meant that he had succeeded in his quest to be better informed
It was just a burger
Why couldn't she understand that? She knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? She wasn't even supposed to have found out
Yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger
The water rush down the wash and into the slot canyon below
Two hikers had started the day to sunny weather without a cloud in the sky, but they hadn't thought to check the weather north of the canyon
Huge thunderstorms had brought a deluge o rain and produced flash floods heading their way
The two hikers had no idea what was coming
Things aren't going well at all with mom today
She is just a limp noodle and wants to sleep all the time
I sure hope that things get better soon
According to the caption on the bronze marker placed by the Multnomah Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution on May 12, 1939, “College Hall (is) the oldest building in continuous use for Educational purposes west of the Rocky Mountains
Here were educated men and women who have won recognition throughout the world in all the learned professions.” She considered the birds to be her friends
She'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day
She wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her
Would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning? The paper was blank
It shouldn't have been
There should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more
The fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating
Actually, it was even more than frustrating
It was downright distressing
The amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop
It waited
While many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans
It wanted to be part of history
It wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history
So it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future
Lori lived her life through the lens of a camera
She never realized this until this very moment as she scrolled through thousands of images on your computer
She could remember the exact moment each photo was taken
She could remember where she had been, what she was thinking as she tried to get the shot, the smells of the surrounding area, and even the emotions that she felt taking the photo, yet she had trouble remembering what she had for breakfast
The wave roared towards them with speed and violence they had not anticipated
They both turned to run but by that time it was too late
The wave crashed into their legs sweeping both of them off of their feet
They now found themselves in a washing machine of saltwater, getting tumbled and not know what was up or down
Both were scared, not knowing how this was going to end, but it was by far the best time of the trip thus far
A long black shadow slid across the pavement near their feet and the five Venusians, very much startled, looked overhead
They were barely in time to see the huge gray form of the carnivore before it vanished behind a sign atop a nearby building which bore the mystifying information "Pepsi-Cola." Sleep deprivation causes all sorts of challenges and problems
When one doesn’t get enough sleep one’s mind doesn’t work clearly
Studies have shown that after staying awake for 24 hours one’s ability to do simple math is greatly impaired
Driving tired has been shown to be as bad as driving drunk
Moods change, depression, anxiety, and mania can be induced by lack of sleep
As much as people try to do without enough sleep it is a wonder more crazy things don’t happen in this world
There was a time in his life when her rudeness would have set him over the edge
He would have raised his voice and demanded to speak to the manager
That was no longer the case
He barely reacted at all, letting the rudeness melt away without saying a word back to her
He had been around long enough to know where rudeness came from and how unhappy the person must be to act in that way
All he could do was feel pity and be happy that he didn't feel the way she did to lash out like that
I haven't bailed on writing
Look, I'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track
I am making an effort
I will start writing consistently again! One foot in front of the other, One more step, and then one more
Jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest
He's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step
Then another
And then one more
There was nothing to indicate Nancy was going to change the world
She looked like an average girl going to an average high school
It was the fact that everything about her seemed average that would end up becoming her superpower
He was after the truth
At least, that's what he told himself
He believed it, but any rational person on the outside could see he was lying to himself
It was apparent he was really only after his own truth that he'd already decided and was after this truth because the facts didn't line up with the truth he wanted
So he continued to tell everyone he was after the truth oblivious to the real truth sitting right in front of him
Although Scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did
They had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something Joe apologized for doing didn't really matter
Scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as Joe continued to apologize
Scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same
Betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing
She had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be
She could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece
She was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper
It was easy to spot her
All you needed to do was look at her socks
They were never a matching pair
One would be green while the other would be blue
One would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle
Every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks
They were her micro act of rebellion
The red line moved across the page
With each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room
The actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real
The red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same
He dropped the ball
While most people would think that this was a metaphor of some type, in Joe's case it was absolutely literal
He had hopes of reaching the Major League and that dream was now it great jeopardy
All because he had dropped the ball
I'm meant to be writing at this moment
What I mean is, I'm meant to be writing something else at this moment
The document I'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention
Yet here I am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful
I am grateful for the distraction
The desert wind blew the tumbleweed in front of the car
Alex swerved to avoid the tumbleweed, but he turned the wheel a bit too strong and the car left the road and skidded onto the dirt median
He instantly slammed on the brakes and the car stopped in a cloud of dirt
When the dust cloud had settled and he could see around him again, he realized that he'd somehow crossed over into an entirely new dimension
There were little things that she simply could not stand
The sound of someone tapping their nails on the table
A person chewing with their mouth open
Another human imposing themselves into her space
She couldn't stand any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of them combined
Rhonda prided herself on always taking the path less traveled
She'd decided to do this at an early age and had continued to do so throughout her entire life
It was a point of pride and she would explain to anyone who would listen that doing so was something that she'd made great efforts to always do
She'd never questioned this decision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "So, is this why your life has been so difficult?" and Rhonda didn't have an answer for her
I checked in for the night at Out O The Way motel
What a bad choice that was
First I took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain
Next, the towel rack fell down when I reached for the one small bath towel
This allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet
I tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn’t stop scrolling through the channels
I gave up for the night and crawled into bed
I stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot
Filled with fear, I reached down and to my surprise, I pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear
After my initial relief that it wasn’t alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain
I jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car
He read about a hike called the incline in the guidebook
It said it was a strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water
“A beautiful hike to the clouds” described one review
“Not for the faint-hearted,” said another
“Not too bad of a workout”, bragged a third review
I thought I’d hike it when I fly in from Maryland on my day off from the senior citizen's wellness conference
I hiked 2 miles a day around the neighborhood so I could handle a 1.1-mile hike
What a foolish mistake that was for a 70-year-old low-lander
There was no ring on his finger
That was a good sign although far from proof that he was available
Still, it was much better than if he had been wearing a wedding ring on his hand
She glanced at his hand a bit more intently to see if there were any tan lines where a ring may have been, and he's simply taken it off
She couldn't detect any which was also a good sign and a relief
The next step would be to get access to his wallet to see if there were any family photos in it
It's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike
If you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry
Only the slowest in the group do
That was the lesson they were about to learn that day
Finding the red rose in the mailbox was a pleasant surprise for Sarah
She didn't have a boyfriend or know of anyone who was interested in her as anything more than a friend
There wasn't even a note attached to it
Although it was a complete mystery, it still made her heart jump and race a little more than usual
She wished that she could simply accept the gesture and be content knowing someone had given it to her, but that wasn't the way Sarah did things
Now it was time to do a little detective work and try to figure who had actually left the red rose
Cake or pie? I can tell a lot about you by which one you pick
It may seem silly, but cake people and pie people are really different
I know which one I hope you are, but that's not for me to decide
So, what is it? Cake or pie? The shoes had been there for as long as anyone could remember
In fact, it was difficult for anyone to come up with a date they had first appeared
It had seemed they'd always been there and yet they seemed so out of place
Why nobody had removed them was a question that had been asked time and again, but while they all thought it, nobody had ever found the energy to actually do it
So, the shoes remained on the steps, out of place in one sense, but perfectly normal in another
Should he write it down? That was the question running through his mind
He couldn't believe what had just happened and he knew nobody else would believe him as well
Even if he documented what had happened by writing it down, he still didn't believe anyone would still believe it
So the question remained
Was it be worth it to actually write it down? Don't forget that gifts often come with costs that go beyond their purchase price
When you purchase a child the latest smartphone, you're also committing to a monthly phone bill
When you purchase the latest gaming system, you're likely not going to be satisfied with the games that come with it for long and want to purchase new titles to play
When you buy gifts it's important to remember that some come with additional costs down the road that can be much more expensive than the initial gift itself
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes
it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes
David had promised that he would be on time today
He never was, but he had promised this one time
She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise
Now she was paying the price
It was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week
She had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out
After all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful
It goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected
It wasn't that he hated her
It was simply that he didn't like her much
It was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand
She was in love and wanted him to feel the same way
He didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand
She nervously peered over the edge
She understood in her mind that the view was supposed to be beautiful, but all she felt was fear
There had always been something about heights that disturbed her, and now she could feel the full force of this unease
She reluctantly crept a little closer with the encouragement of her friends as the fear continued to build
She couldn't help but feel that something horrible was about to happen
The wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on
The sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone
The next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away
The third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it
When it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever
I inadvertently went to See's Candy last week (I was in the mall looking for phone repair), and as it turns out, See's Candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings
I bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things
The total cost was four-something
I mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be real: A Snickers bar is fifty cents
After this dollar-per-candy revelation, I may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a See's Candy any time soon
It seemed like it should have been so simple
There was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done
It was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case
The deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished
Her mom had warned her
She had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her
She had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion
So when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray
It was her first big lesson in life, but not the last
It all started with the computer
Had he known what was to follow, he would have never logged on that day
But the truth was there was no way to know what was about to happen
So Dave pressed the start button, the computer booted up, the screen came alive, and everything Dave knew to be true no longer was
She reached her goal, exhausted
Even more chilling to her was that the euphoria that she thought she'd feel upon reaching it wasn't there
Something wasn't right
Was this the only feeling she'd have for over five years of hard work? He couldn't remember exactly where he had read it, but he was sure that he had
The fact that she didn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began to search the Internet to find the article
It wasn't as if it was something that seemed impossible
Yet she insisted on always seeing the source whenever he stated a fact
"Can I get you anything else?" David asked
It was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer
It had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply
Nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and David didn't know how he should respond
She has seen this scene before
It had come to her in dreams many times before
She had to pinch herself to make sure it wasn't a dream again
As her fingers squeezed against her arm, she felt the pain
It was this pain that immediately woke her up.
She nervously peered over the edge
She understood in her mind that the view was supposed to be beautiful, but all she felt was fear
There had always been something about heights that disturbed her, and now she could feel the full force of this unease
She reluctantly crept a little closer with the encouragement of her friends as the fear continued to build
She couldn't help but feel that something horrible was about to happen
Where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button
Do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? At that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same
He knew what he was supposed to do
That had been apparent from the beginning
That was what made the choice so difficult
What he was supposed to do and what he would do were not the same
This would have been fine if he were willing to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasn't
She didn't like the food
She never did
She made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming
But this time was different
Instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word
Was it a whisper or was it the wind? He wasn't quite sure
He thought he heard a voice but at this moment all he could hear was the wind rustling the leaves of the trees all around him
He stopped and listened more intently to see if he could hear the voice again
Nothing but the wind rustling the leaves could be heard
He was about to continue his walk when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he quickly turned to see who it was
There was nobody there, but he heard the voice again
Welcome to my world
You will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible
That is if you are able to survive..
I'm going to hire professional help tomorrow
I can't handle this anymore
She fell over the coffee table and now there is blood in her catheter
This is much more than I ever signed up to do
Since they are still preserved in the rocks for us to see, they must have been formed quite recently, that is, geologically speaking
What can explain these striations and their common orientation? Did you ever hear about the Great Ice Age or the Pleistocene Epoch? Less than one million years ago, in fact, some 12,000 years ago, an ice sheet many thousands of feet thick rode over Burke Mountain in a southeastward direction
The many boulders frozen to the underside of the ice sheet tended to scratch the rocks over which they rode
The scratches or striations seen in the park rocks were caused by these attached boulders
The ice sheet also plucked and rounded Burke Mountain into the shape it possesses today
She glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds taking shape
First, she saw a dog
Next, it was an elephant
Finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at that moment the rain began to pour
He couldn't move
His head throbbed and spun
He couldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking last night
It was probably a combination of both
It was easy to spot her
All you needed to do was look at her socks
They were never a matching pair
One would be green while the other would be blue
One would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle
Every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks
They were her micro act of rebellion
She put the pen to paper but she couldn't bring herself to actually write anything
She just stared at the blank card and wondered what words she could write that would help in even a small way
She thought of a dozen ways to begin but none seemed to do justice to the situation
There were no words that could help and she knew it
"Can I get you anything else?" David asked
It was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer
It had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply
Nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and David didn't know how he should respond
There were only two ways to get out of this mess if they all worked together
The problem was that neither was all that appealing
One would likely cause everyone a huge amount of physical pain while the other would likely end up with everyone in jail
In Sam's mind, there was only one thing to do
He threw everyone else under the bus and he secretly sprinted away leaving the others to take the fall without him
They argue
While the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same
Yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing
They both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue
So they continue to argue
She sat in the darkened room waiting
It was now a standoff
He had the power to put her in the room, but not the power to make her repent
It wasn't fair and no matter how long she had to endure the darkness, she wouldn't change her attitude
At three years old, Sandy's stubborn personality had already bloomed into full view
I inadvertently went to See's Candy last week (I was in the mall looking for phone repair), and as it turns out, See's Candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings
I bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things
The total cost was four-something
I mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be real: A Snickers bar is fifty cents
After this dollar-per-candy revelation, I may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a See's Candy any time soon
Ten more steps
If he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move
He tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain
Ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it
Twenty seconds were all that was left and Richard could hear each one tick by
Fifteen seconds now remained and the panic began to fully set in
Ten seconds and he wasn't sure he had enough time
Five seconds, four, three, two, one..
The shoes had been there for as long as anyone could remember
In fact, it was difficult for anyone to come up with a date they had first appeared
It had seemed they'd always been there and yet they seemed so out of place
Why nobody had removed them was a question that had been asked time and again, but while they all thought it, nobody had ever found the energy to actually do it
So, the shoes remained on the steps, out of place in one sense, but perfectly normal in another
Trees
It was something about the trees
The way they swayed with the wind in unison
The way they shaded the area around them
The sounds of their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the branches as they sway, The trees were making a statement that I just couldn't understand
Breastfeeding is good for babies and moms
Infants that are breastfed get antibodies from their mothers against common illnesses
Breastfed babies have less chance of being obese as an adult
Breastfeeding a baby lets the infant-mother pair bond in a very unique way
Mother’s who breastfeed lower their chances of developing breast cancer
Usually, mothers who breastfeed lose their pregnancy weight more quickly and easily
The benefits of breastfeeding are numerous
Betty was a creature of habit and she thought she liked it that way
That was until Dave showed up in her life
She now had a choice to make and it would determine whether her lie remained the same or if it would change forever
He dropped the ball
While most people would think that this was a metaphor of some type, in Joe's case it was absolutely literal
He had hopes of reaching the Major League and that dream was now it great jeopardy
All because he had dropped the ball
She had a terrible habit o comparing her life to others
She realized that their life experiences were completely different than her own and that she saw only what they wanted her to see, but that didn't matter
She still compared herself and yearned for what she thought they had and she didn't
You know that tingly feeling you get on the back of your neck sometimes? I just got that feeling when talking with her
You know I don't believe in sixth senses, but there is something not right with her
I don't know how I know, but I just do
She tried not to judge him
His ratty clothes and unkempt hair made him look homeless
Was he really the next Einstein as she had been told? On the off chance it was true, she continued to try not to judge him
I recently discovered I could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat
I tried it with dark chocolate chunks and I tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips
It's better with both kinds
It comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate
The best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is Rocky Road
It takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it
All things in moderation, friends
All things in moderation
The wave roared towards them with speed and violence they had not anticipated
They both turned to run but by that time it was too late
The wave crashed into their legs sweeping both of them off of their feet
They now found themselves in a washing machine of saltwater, getting tumbled and not know what was up or down
Both were scared, not knowing how this was going to end, but it was by far the best time of the trip thus far
He wandered down the stairs and into the basement
The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air
A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper
He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years
He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live
There was nothing to indicate Nancy was going to change the world
She looked like an average girl going to an average high school
It was the fact that everything about her seemed average that would end up becoming her superpower
Here's the thing
She doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway
That's just her character
She knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can
Doubt her more and she'll prove she can again
We all already know this and you will too
There were two things that were important to Tracey
The first was her dog
Anyone that had ever met Tracey knew how much she loved her dog
Most would say that she treated it as her child
The dog went everywhere with her and it had been her best friend for the past five years
The second thing that was important to Tracey, however, would be a lot more surprising to most people
Pink ponies and purple giraffes roamed the field
Cotton candy grew from the ground as a chocolate river meandered off to the side
What looked like stones in the pasture were actually rock candy
Everything in her dream seemed to be perfect except for the fact that she had no mouth
I checked in for the night at Out O The Way motel
What a bad choice that was
First I took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain
Next, the towel rack fell down when I reached for the one small bath towel
This allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet
I tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn’t stop scrolling through the channels
I gave up for the night and crawled into bed
I stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot
Filled with fear, I reached down and to my surprise, I pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear
After my initial relief that it wasn’t alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain
I jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car
Sometimes it's the first moment of the day that catches you off guard
That's what Wendy was thinking
She opened her window to see fire engines screeching down the street
While this wasn't something completely unheard of, it also wasn't normal
It was a sure sign of what was going to happen that day
She could feel it in her bones and it wasn't the way she wanted the day to begin
She wondered if the note had reached him
She scolded herself for not handing it to him in person
She trusted her friend, but so much could happen
She waited impatiently for word
The choice was red, green, or blue
It didn't seem like an important choice when he was making it, but it was a choice nonetheless
Had he known the consequences at that time, he would likely have considered the choice a bit longer
In the end, he didn't and ended up choosing blue
Eating raw fish didn't sound like a good idea
"It's a delicacy in Japan," didn't seem to make it any more appetizing
Raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not
He heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away
His heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint
"It wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint
It really didn't matter what they did to him
He's already made up his mind
Whatever came his way, he was prepared for the consequences
He knew in his heart that the sacrifice he made was done with love and not hate no matter how others decided to spin it
It was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed
You want to look, but you don't at the same time
You're frozen with fear and unable to act
That's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened
It didn't even really make sense to him
All he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move
It was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene
He knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth
It wasn't supposed to end that way
The plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again
There was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been
They all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened
In their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed
She tried to explain that love wasn't like pie
There wasn't a set number of slices to be given out
There wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another
That after a set amount was given out it would all disappear
She tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears
Many people say that life isn't like a bed of roses
I beg to differ
I think that life is quite like a bed of roses
Just like life, a bed of roses looks pretty on the outside, but when you're in it, you find that it is nothing but thorns and pain
I myself have been pricked quite badly
There was only one way to do things in the Statton house
That one way was to do exactly what the father, Charlie, demanded
He made the decisions and everyone else followed without question
That was until today
She wanted rainbow hair
That's what she told the hairdresser
It should be deep rainbow colors, too
She wasn't interested in pastel rainbow hair
She wanted it deep and vibrant so there was no doubt that she had done this on purpose
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes
it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes
David had promised that he would be on time today
He never was, but he had promised this one time
She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise
Now she was paying the price
The water rush down the wash and into the slot canyon below
Two hikers had started the day to sunny weather without a cloud in the sky, but they hadn't thought to check the weather north of the canyon
Huge thunderstorms had brought a deluge o rain and produced flash floods heading their way
The two hikers had no idea what was coming
I checked in for the night at Out O The Way motel
What a bad choice that was
First I took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain
Next, the towel rack fell down when I reached for the one small bath towel
This allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet
I tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn’t stop scrolling through the channels
I gave up for the night and crawled into bed
I stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot
Filled with fear, I reached down and to my surprise, I pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear
After my initial relief that it wasn’t alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain
I jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car
Her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette
The morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air
There was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning
There was a reason for her shyness
Everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better
She knew the exact moment that the shyness began
It had been that fateful moment at the lake
There are just some events that do that to you
There was something in the tree
It was difficult to tell from the ground, but Rachael could see movement
She squinted her eyes and peered in the direction of the movement, trying to decipher exactly what she had spied
The more she peered, however, the more she thought it might be a figment of her imagination
Nothing seemed to move until the moment she began to take her eyes off the tree
Then in the corner of her eye, she would see the movement again and begin the process of staring again
They needed to find a place to eat
The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown
Even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy
Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others
It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown
Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly
She glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds taking shape
First, she saw a dog
Next, it was an elephant
Finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at that moment the rain began to pour
Since they are still preserved in the rocks for us to see, they must have been formed quite recently, that is, geologically speaking
What can explain these striations and their common orientation? Did you ever hear about the Great Ice Age or the Pleistocene Epoch? Less than one million years ago, in fact, some 12,000 years ago, an ice sheet many thousands of feet thick rode over Burke Mountain in a southeastward direction
The many boulders frozen to the underside of the ice sheet tended to scratch the rocks over which they rode
The scratches or striations seen in the park rocks were caused by these attached boulders
The ice sheet also plucked and rounded Burke Mountain into the shape it possesses today
Betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing
She had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be
She could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece
She was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper
She wondered if the note had reached him
She scolded herself for not handing it to him in person
She trusted her friend, but so much could happen
She waited impatiently for word
Finding the truth wouldn't be easy, that's for sure
Then there was the question of whether or not Jane really wanted to know the truth
That's the thing that bothered her most
It wasn't the difficulty of actually finding out what happened that was the obstacle, but having to live with that information once it was found
She needed glasses
It wasn't that she couldn't see without them, but what she could see with them
When she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond
It was like a superpower
But she needed glasses
It was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week
She had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out
After all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful
It goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected
The bush began to shake
Brad couldn't see what was causing it to shake, but he didn't care
he had a pretty good idea about what was going on and what was happening
He was so confident that he approached the bush carefree and with a smile on his face
That all changed the instant he realized what was actually behind the bush
Samantha wanted to be famous
The problem was that she had never considered all the downsides to actually being famous
Had she taken the time to objectively consider these downsides, she would have never agreed to publically sing that first song
The alarm went off at exactly 6:00 AM as it had every morning for the past five years
Barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by 7:00 AM
The day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change
In fact, it was going to change at exactly 7:23 AM
She was infatuated with color
She didn't have a favorite color per se, but she did have a fondness for teals and sea greens
You could see it in the clothes she wore that color was an important part of her overall style
She took great pride that color flowed from her and that color was always all around her
That is why, she explained to her date sitting across the table, that she could never have a serious relationship with him due to the fact that he was colorblind
Her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair
They were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes
She was rather handsome than beautiful
Her face was captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features
Her manner was engaging
At that moment, she realized that she had created her current life
It wasn't the life she wanted, but she took responsibility for how it currently stood
Something clicked and she saw that every choice she made to this point in her life had led to where her life stood at this very moment even if she knew this wasn't where she wanted to be
She determined to choose to change it
She didn't like the food
She never did
She made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming
But this time was different
Instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word
Debbie knew she was being selfish and unreasonable
She understood why the others in the room were angry and frustrated with her and the way she was acting
In her eyes, it didn't really matter how they felt because she simply didn't care
Her mom had warned her
She had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her
She had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion
So when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray
It was her first big lesson in life, but not the last
It had become a far too common an event in her life
She has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed
Now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be
Patrick didn't want to go
The fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less
He had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite
But she insisted that Patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship
I'm heading back to Colorado tomorrow after being down in Santa Barbara over the weekend for the festival there
I will be making October plans once there and will try to arrange so I'm back here for the birthday if possible
I'll let you know as soon as I know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans
"Begin today!" That's all the note said
There was no indication from where it came or who may have written it
Had it been meant for someone else? Meghan looked around the room, but nobody made eye contact back
For a brief moment, she thought it might be a message for her to follow her dreams, but ultimately decided it was easier to ignore it as she crumpled it up and threw it away
Balloons are pretty and come in different colors, different shapes, different sizes, and they can even adjust sizes as needed
But don't make them too big or they might just pop, and then bye-bye balloon
It'll be gone and lost for the rest of mankind
They can serve a variety of purposes, from decorating to water balloon wars
You just have to use your head to think a little bit about what to do with them
They rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need
There was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind
Everything was thrown into the car and they sped off
Thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all
I'm meant to be writing at this moment
What I mean is, I'm meant to be writing something else at this moment
The document I'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention
Yet here I am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful
I am grateful for the distraction
There was only one way to do things in the Statton house
That one way was to do exactly what the father, Charlie, demanded
He made the decisions and everyone else followed without question
That was until today
Mary had to make a decision and she knew that whatever decision she made, it would upset someone
It seemed like such a silly reason for people to get upset but she knew the minute that she began to consider doing it that there was no way everyone in her life would be pleased with what she ultimately decided to do
It was simply a question of who she would rather displease most
While this had always been her parents, and especially her mom, in the past that she tried to keep from upsetting, she decided that this time the person she was going to please the most with her decision was herself
Twenty-five stars were neatly placed on the piece of paper
There was room for five more stars but they would be difficult ones to earn
It had taken years to earn the first twenty-five, and they were considered the "easy" ones
What if dogs were racist? Would they care about fur color….
“son, only play with other tan dogs”? Or maybe it would depend on breed, “honey, only play with other German Shepards, never poodles”
Better yet it could depend on occupation
“I’m a sled dog while you’re only a running companion, leave me alone”
Maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? Size could be the determining factor, “see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb”
Luckily dogs don’t discriminate
Just watch at a dog park
Big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs
A service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog
So if dogs don’t discriminate then why do we? The lone lamp post of the one-street town flickered, not quite dead but definitely on its way out
Suitcase by her side, she paid no heed to the light, the street or the town
A car was coming down the street and with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, she had a plan
"It's never good to give them details," Janice told her sister
"Always be a little vague and keep them guessing." Her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement
She didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter
She loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth
He picked up the burnt end of the branch and made a mark on the stone
Day 52 if the marks on the stone were accurate
He couldn't be sure
Day and nights had begun to blend together creating confusion, but he knew it was a long time
Much too long
He ordered his regular breakfast
Two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two strips of bacon
He continued to look at the menu wondering if this would be the day he added something new
This was also part of the routine
A few seconds of hesitation to see if something else would be added to the order before demuring and saying that would be all
It was the same exact meal that he had ordered every day for the past two years
It was going to rain
The weather forecast didn't say that, but the steel plate in his hip did
He had learned over the years to trust his hip over the weatherman
It was going to rain, so he better get outside and prepare
He walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible
Bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic
There was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down
Had he past them without seeing them? It didn't seem possible
He was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body
The thing that's great about this job is the time sourcing the items involves no traveling
I just look online to buy it
It's really as simple as that
While everyone else is searching for what they can sell, I sit in front of my computer and buy better stuff for less money and spend a fraction of the time doing it
The red glint of paint sparkled under the sun
He had dreamed of owning this car since he was ten, and that dream had become a reality less than a year ago
It was his baby and he spent hours caring for it, pampering it, and fondling over it
She knew this all too well, and that's exactly why she had taken a sludge hammer to it
It was easy to spot her
All you needed to do was look at her socks
They were never a matching pair
One would be green while the other would be blue
One would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle
Every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks
They were her micro act of rebellion
He heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away
His heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint
"It wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint
She has seen this scene before
It had come to her in dreams many times before
She had to pinch herself to make sure it wasn't a dream again
As her fingers squeezed against her arm, she felt the pain
It was this pain that immediately woke her up
"It was so great to hear from you today and it was such weird timing," he said
"This is going to sound funny and a little strange, but you were in a dream I had just a couple of days ago
I'd love to get together and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of coffee," he continued, laying the trap he'd been planning for years
Twenty seconds were all that was left and Richard could hear each one tick by
Fifteen seconds now remained and the panic began to fully set in
Ten seconds and he wasn't sure he had enough time
Five seconds, four, three, two, one..
Greg understood that this situation would make Michael terribly uncomfortable
Michael simply had no idea what was about to come and even though Greg could prevent it from happening, he opted to let it happen
It was quite ironic, really
It was something Greg had said he would never wish upon anyone a million times, yet here he was knowingly letting it happen to one of his best friends
He rationalized that it would ultimately make Michael a better person and that no matter how uncomfortable, everyone should experience racism at least once in their lifetime
Hopes and dreams were dashed that day
It should have been expected, but it still came as a shock
The warning signs had been ignored in favor of the possibility, however remote, that it could actually happen
That possibility had grown from hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny
That was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams came crashing down
He slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block
He didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it
It was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project
Patricia's friend who was here hardly had any issues at all, but she wasn't telling the truth
Yesterday, before she left to go home, she heard that her husband is in the hospital and pretended to be surprised
It later came out that she was the person who had put him there
There were a variety of ways to win the game
James had played it long enough to know most of them and he could see what his opponent was trying to do
There was a simple counterattack that James could use and the game should be his
He began deploying it with the confidence of a veteran player who had been in this situation a thousand times in the past
So, it was with great surprise when his opponent used a move he had never before seen or anticipated to easily defeat him in the game
Stormi is a dog
She is dark grey and has long legs
Her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking
Her tongue is long, pink, and wet
Her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies
She can be a good dog, but also very bad
Her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad
Stormi is a dog I love
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes
it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes
David had promised that he would be on time today
He never was, but he had promised this one time
She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise
Now she was paying the price
He couldn't remember exactly where he had read it, but he was sure that he had
The fact that she didn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began to search the Internet to find the article
It wasn't as if it was something that seemed impossible
Yet she insisted on always seeing the source whenever he stated a fact
He ordered his regular breakfast
Two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two strips of bacon
He continued to look at the menu wondering if this would be the day he added something new
This was also part of the routine
A few seconds of hesitation to see if something else would be added to the order before demuring and saying that would be all
It was the same exact meal that he had ordered every day for the past two years
Terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it
He kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold
He knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved
It was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe
He kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face
The towels had been hanging from the rod for years
They were stained and worn, and quite frankly, just plain ugly
Debra didn't want to touch them but she really didn't have a choice
It was important for her to see what was living within them
The lone lamp post of the one-street town flickered, not quite dead but definitely on its way out
Suitcase by her side, she paid no heed to the light, the street or the town
A car was coming down the street and with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, she had a plan
He read about a hike called the incline in the guidebook
It said it was a strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water
“A beautiful hike to the clouds” described one review
“Not for the faint-hearted,” said another
“Not too bad of a workout”, bragged a third review
I thought I’d hike it when I fly in from Maryland on my day off from the senior citizen's wellness conference
I hiked 2 miles a day around the neighborhood so I could handle a 1.1-mile hike
What a foolish mistake that was for a 70-year-old low-lander
A long black shadow slid across the pavement near their feet and the five Venusians, very much startled, looked overhead
They were barely in time to see the huge gray form of the carnivore before it vanished behind a sign atop a nearby building which bore the mystifying information "Pepsi-Cola." The song came from the bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's running water
It was the same way each day began since he could remember
It listened intently and concluded that the singing today was as terrible as it had ever been
She tried to explain that love wasn't like pie
There wasn't a set number of slices to be given out
There wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another
That after a set amount was given out it would all disappear
She tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears
She never liked cleaning the sink
It was beyond her comprehension how it got so dirty so quickly
It seemed that she was forced to clean it every other day
Even when she was extra careful to keep things clean and orderly, it still ended up looking like a mess in a couple of days
What she didn't know was there was a tiny creature living in it that didn't like things neat
Her hand was balled into a fist with her keys protruding out from between her fingers
This was the weapon her father had shown her how to make when she walked alone to her car after work
She wished that she had something a little more potent than keys between her fingers
It would have been nice to have some mace or pepper spray
He had been meaning to buy some but had never gotten around to it
As the mother bear took another step forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense for this situation
"It was so great to hear from you today and it was such weird timing," he said
"This is going to sound funny and a little strange, but you were in a dream I had just a couple of days ago
I'd love to get together and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of coffee," he continued, laying the trap he'd been planning for years
The robot clicked disapprovingly, gurgled briefly inside its cubical interior and extruded a pony glass of brownish liquid
"Sir, you will undoubtedly end up in a drunkard's grave, dead of hepatic cirrhosis," it informed me virtuously as it returned my ID card
I glared as I pushed the glass across the table
Greg understood that this situation would make Michael terribly uncomfortable
Michael simply had no idea what was about to come and even though Greg could prevent it from happening, he opted to let it happen
It was quite ironic, really
It was something Greg had said he would never wish upon anyone a million times, yet here he was knowingly letting it happen to one of his best friends
He rationalized that it would ultimately make Michael a better person and that no matter how uncomfortable, everyone should experience racism at least once in their lifetime
One dollar and eighty-seven cents
That was all
And sixty cents of it was in pennies
Pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one’s cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied
One dollar and eighty-seven cents
And the next day would be Christmas..
The red glint of paint sparkled under the sun
He had dreamed of owning this car since he was ten, and that dream had become a reality less than a year ago
It was his baby and he spent hours caring for it, pampering it, and fondling over it
She knew this all too well, and that's exactly why she had taken a sludge hammer to it
There was only half a worm in the apple
At first, Judy didn't quite comprehend what this meant
"Why would only half a worm be living in an apple?" she wondered
And then it dawned on her
Judy quickly spit out the bite she had just taken expecting to see the other half of the worm
It ended up being much worse than that
Love isn't always a ray of sunshine
That's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man
She had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers
But now she had to face the fact that they may have been right
Love may not always be a ray of sunshine
That is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn
He wandered down the stairs and into the basement
The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air
A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper
He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years
He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live
"It's never good to give them details," Janice told her sister
"Always be a little vague and keep them guessing." Her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement
She didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter
She loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth
The kids were loud
They were way too loud for Jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight
The parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them
They were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest
He thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea
Sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end p in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point
He heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away
His heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint
"It wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint
It was a scrape that he hardly noticed
Sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures
There was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream
He felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him
I'm going to hire professional help tomorrow
I can't handle this anymore
She fell over the coffee table and now there is blood in her catheter
This is much more than I ever signed up to do
Finding the red rose in the mailbox was a pleasant surprise for Sarah
She didn't have a boyfriend or know of anyone who was interested in her as anything more than a friend
There wasn't even a note attached to it
Although it was a complete mystery, it still made her heart jump and race a little more than usual
She wished that she could simply accept the gesture and be content knowing someone had given it to her, but that wasn't the way Sarah did things
Now it was time to do a little detective work and try to figure who had actually left the red rose
To the two friends, the treehouse was much more than a treehouse
It was a sanctuary away from the other kids where they could be themselves without being teased or bullied
It was their secret fortress hidden high in the branches of a huge oak that only they knew existed
At least that is what they thought
They were more than a little annoyed when their two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse into a princess castle by painting the inside pink and putting glitter everywhere
All he could think about was how it would all end
There was still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see
No matter how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen
The end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty
The piano sat silently in the corner of the room
Nobody could remember the last time it had been played
The little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys
The sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years
In the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes
I inadvertently went to See's Candy last week (I was in the mall looking for phone repair), and as it turns out, See's Candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings
I bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things
The total cost was four-something
I mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be real: A Snickers bar is fifty cents
After this dollar-per-candy revelation, I may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a See's Candy any time soon
“Ingredients for life,” said the backside of the truck
They mean food, but really food is only 1 ingredient of life
Life has so many more ingredients such as pain, happiness, laughter, joy, tears, and smiles
Life also has hard work, easy play, sleepless nights, and sunbathing by the ocean
Love, hatred, envy, self-assurance, and fear could be just down aisle 3 ready to be bought when needed
How I wish I could pull ingredients like these off shelves in a store
The rain was coming
Everyone thought this would be a good thing
It hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone
It wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive
Although Scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did
They had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something Joe apologized for doing didn't really matter
Scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as Joe continued to apologize
Scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same
There was no time
He ran out of the door without half the stuff he needed for work, but it didn't matter
He was late and if he didn't make this meeting on time, someone's life may be in danger
MaryLou wore the tiara with pride
There was something that made doing anything she didn't really want to do a bit easier when she wore it
She really didn't care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment
The picket fence had stood for years without any issue
That's all it was
A simple, white, picket fence
Why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most
Yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence
"Are you getting my texts???" she texted to him
He glanced at it and chuckled under his breath
Of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? He put the phone down and continued on his project
He was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so
The light was out on the front porch of the house
This was strange
Judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out
She hopped out of her car and walked to the door
It was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible
She gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized
"Surprise! Happy Birthday!" everyone shouted
The bridge spanning a 100-foot gully stood in front of him as the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his destination
While people may have called it a "bridge", the reality was it was nothing more than splintered wooden planks held together by rotting ropes
It was questionable whether it would hold the weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grown man
The problem was there was no other way across the gully, and this played into his calculations of whether or not it was worth the risk of trying to cross it
Devon couldn't figure out the color of her eyes
He initially would have guessed that they were green, but the more he looked at them he almost wanted to say they were a golden yellow
Then there were the flashes of red and orange that seemed to be streaked throughout them
It was almost as if her eyes were made of opal with the sun constantly glinting off of them and bringing out more color
They were definitely the most unusual pair of eyes he'd ever seen
There was nothing to indicate Nancy was going to change the world
She looked like an average girl going to an average high school
It was the fact that everything about her seemed average that would end up becoming her superpower
Hopes and dreams were dashed that day
It should have been expected, but it still came as a shock
The warning signs had been ignored in favor of the possibility, however remote, that it could actually happen
That possibility had grown from hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny
That was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams came crashing down
She was aware that things could go wrong
In fact, she had trained her entire life in anticipation that things would go wrong one day
She had quiet confidence as she started to see that this was the day that all her training would be worthwhile and useful
At this point, she had no idea just how wrong everything would go that day
It wasn't quite yet time to panic
There was still time to salvage the situation
At least that is what she was telling himself
The reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was
I haven't bailed on writing
Look, I'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track
I am making an effort
I will start writing consistently again! She tried not to judge him
His ratty clothes and unkempt hair made him look homeless
Was he really the next Einstein as she had been told? On the off chance it was true, she continued to try not to judge him
The headache wouldn't go away
She's taken medicine but even that didn't help
The monstrous throbbing in her head continued
She had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening
Many people say that life isn't like a bed of roses
I beg to differ
I think that life is quite like a bed of roses
Just like life, a bed of roses looks pretty on the outside, but when you're in it, you find that it is nothing but thorns and pain
I myself have been pricked quite badly
They rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need
There was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind
Everything was thrown into the car and they sped off
Thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all
Brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself
That is why Kenneth and he had become such good friends
Kenneth forced Brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things he'd never imagine doing otherwise
Up to this point, this had been a good thing
It had expanded Brock's experiences and given him a new appreciation for life
Now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all Brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of Kenneth
It's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money (beyond getting a 9 to 5 job) as part of our education system
The truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money
That doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from 9 to 5 for the next fifty years o your life
Betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing
She had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be
She could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece
She was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper
The river slowly meandered through the open space
It had hidden secrets that it didn't want to reveal
It had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing
That's how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water's edge
Greg understood that this situation would make Michael terribly uncomfortable
Michael simply had no idea what was about to come and even though Greg could prevent it from happening, he opted to let it happen
It was quite ironic, really
It was something Greg had said he would never wish upon anyone a million times, yet here he was knowingly letting it happen to one of his best friends
He rationalized that it would ultimately make Michael a better person and that no matter how uncomfortable, everyone should experience racism at least once in their lifetime
To the two friends, the treehouse was much more than a treehouse
It was a sanctuary away from the other kids where they could be themselves without being teased or bullied
It was their secret fortress hidden high in the branches of a huge oak that only they knew existed
At least that is what they thought
They were more than a little annoyed when their two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse into a princess castle by painting the inside pink and putting glitter everywhere
He picked up the burnt end of the branch and made a mark on the stone
Day 52 if the marks on the stone were accurate
He couldn't be sure
Day and nights had begun to blend together creating confusion, but he knew it was a long time
Much too long
You can decide what you want to do in life, but I suggest doing something that creates
Something that leaves a tangible thing once you're done
That way even after you're gone, you will still live on in the things you created
There were little things that she simply could not stand
The sound of someone tapping their nails on the table
A person chewing with their mouth open
Another human imposing themselves into her space
She couldn't stand any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of them combined
The alarm went off and Jake rose awake
Rising early had become a daily ritual, one that he could not fully explain
From the outside, it was a wonder that he was able to get up so early each morning for someone who had absolutely no plans to be productive during the entire day
The wolves stopped in their tracks, sizing up the mother and her cubs
It had been over a week since their last meal and they were getting desperate
The cubs would make a good meal, but there were high risks taking on the mother Grizzly
A decision had to be made and the wrong choice could signal the end of the pack
My pincher collar is snapped on
Then comes the electric zapper collar
Finally, my purple at-home collar is taken off and I know I’m going for a walk to the dog park
I’m so excited to see my friends
I hope Spike or Thunder are there already
They're the most fun to chase and tumble with
My human is pretty strict with me
I’m only allowed on the grass and not on the sidewalks
I think she’s afraid I’m going to jump on the other humans
I don’t understand why everyone else gets to jump on the benches and run wild on the sidewalks
They don’t listen to their humans
I know I could ignore mine but if I do she may zap me and it’s just not worth it
She probably wouldn’t let me back at the dog park if I didn’t listen to her
I just love the dog park
"Are you getting my texts???" she texted to him
He glanced at it and chuckled under his breath
Of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? He put the phone down and continued on his project
He was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so
Many people say that life isn't like a bed of roses
I beg to differ
I think that life is quite like a bed of roses
Just like life, a bed of roses looks pretty on the outside, but when you're in it, you find that it is nothing but thorns and pain
I myself have been pricked quite badly
There was only one way to do things in the Statton house
That one way was to do exactly what the father, Charlie, demanded
He made the decisions and everyone else followed without question
That was until today
Dave watched as the forest burned up on the hill, only a few miles from her house
The car had been hastily packed and Marta was inside trying to round up the last of the pets
Dave went through his mental list of the most important papers and documents that they couldn't leave behind
He scolded himself for not having prepared these better in advance and hoped that he had remembered everything that was needed
He continued to wait for Marta to appear with the pets, but she still was nowhere to be seen
Was it enough? That was the question he kept asking himself
Was being satisfied enough? He looked around him at everyone yearning to just be satisfied in their daily life and he had reached that goal
He knew that he was satisfied and he also knew it wasn't going to be enough
Sarah watched the whirlpool mesmerized
She couldn't take her eyes off the water swirling around and around
She stuck in small twigs and leaves to watch the whirlpool catch them and then suck them down
It bothered her more than a little bit that this could also be used as a metaphor for her life
Bryan had made peace with himself and felt comfortable with the choices he made
This had made all the difference in the world
Being alone no longer bothered him and this was essential since there was a good chance he might spend the rest of his life alone in a cell
It was cloudy outside but not really raining
There was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella
This hadn't stopped Sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it
It had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day
Sarah used the umbrella to hide
Twenty seconds were all that was left and Richard could hear each one tick by
Fifteen seconds now remained and the panic began to fully set in
Ten seconds and he wasn't sure he had enough time
Five seconds, four, three, two, one..
She sat deep in thought
The next word that came out o her mouth would likely be the most important word of her life
It had to be exact with no possibility of being misinterpreted
She was ready
She looked deeply into his eyes and said, "Octopus." Sitting in the sun, away from everyone who had done him harm in the past, he quietly listened to those who roamed by
He felt at peace in the moment, hoping it would last, but knowing the reprieve would soon come to an end
He closed his eyes, the sun beating down on face and he smiled
He smiled for the first time in as long as he could remember
What if dogs were racist? Would they care about fur color….
“son, only play with other tan dogs”? Or maybe it would depend on breed, “honey, only play with other German Shepards, never poodles”
Better yet it could depend on occupation
“I’m a sled dog while you’re only a running companion, leave me alone”
Maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? Size could be the determining factor, “see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb”
Luckily dogs don’t discriminate
Just watch at a dog park
Big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs
A service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog
So if dogs don’t discriminate then why do we? “Ingredients for life,” said the backside of the truck
They mean food, but really food is only 1 ingredient of life
Life has so many more ingredients such as pain, happiness, laughter, joy, tears, and smiles
Life also has hard work, easy play, sleepless nights, and sunbathing by the ocean
Love, hatred, envy, self-assurance, and fear could be just down aisle 3 ready to be bought when needed
How I wish I could pull ingredients like these off shelves in a store
The kids were loud
They were way too loud for Jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight
The parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them
They were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest
He thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea
Sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end p in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point
The clowns had taken over
And yes, they were literally clowns
Over 100 had appeared out of a small VW bug that had been driven up to the bank
Now they were all inside and had taken it over
He heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away
His heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint
"It wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint
She's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore
The answers were always the same
Well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense
A more accurate description was the answers never surprised her
So, she asked for the 10,000th time, "What's your favorite animal?" But this time was different
When she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly
Green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy
Ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore
At least this was the way it was supposed to be
Something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway
He wandered down the stairs and into the basement
The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air
A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper
He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years
He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live
One can cook on and with an open fire
These are some of the ways to cook with fire outside
Cooking meat using a spit is a great way to evenly cook meat
In order to keep meat from burning, it's best to slowly rotate it
Hot stones can be used to toast bread
Coals are hot and can bring things to a boil quickly
If one is very adventurous, one can make a hole in the ground, fill it with coals and place foil-covered meat, veggies, and potatoes into the coals, and cover all of it with dirt
In a short period of time, the food will be baked
Campfire cooking can be done in many ways
Her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair
They were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes
She was rather handsome than beautiful
Her face was captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features
Her manner was engaging
I don’t like cats and they don’t like me
I used to be allergic to them and I would get stuffed up and have hives
That doesn’t seem to happen anymore
But I still don’t like them
I lived with 3 cats that were not good at peeing in the litter box
They seemed to find something important to me and pee on it
Most of the time they peed on photographs or papers that would be ruined
Cats also bring fleas into the house
There is nothing worse than having to flea dip cats and also flea bomb a home
That is why I don’t like cats
She had a terrible habit o comparing her life to others
She realized that their life experiences were completely different than her own and that she saw only what they wanted her to see, but that didn't matter
She still compared herself and yearned for what she thought they had and she didn't
The trail to the left had a "Danger! Do Not Pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right
This wasn't the way Zeke approached his hiking
Rather than a warning, Zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting
As the others in the group all shited to the right, Zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret
"It doesn't take much to touch someone's heart," Daisy said with a smile on her face
"It's often just the little things you do that can change a person's day for the better." Daisy truly believed this to be the way the world worked, but she didn't understand that she was merely a robot that had been programmed to believe this
Then came the night of the first falling star
It was seen early in the morning, rushing over Winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere
Hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star
It seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him
He heard the loud impact before he ever saw the result
It had been so loud that it had actually made him jump back in his seat
As soon as he recovered from the surprise, he saw the crack in the windshield
It seemed to be an analogy of the current condition of his life
"Do Not Enter." The sign made it clear that they didn't want anyone around
That wasn't going to stop Jack
Jack always lived with the notion that signs were mere suggestions, not actually absolute rules
That's why the moment Jack looked at the "Do Not Enter" sign, he walked past it and onto their property
It was a question of which of the two she preferred
On the one hand, the choice seemed simple
The more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most
It was the easy choice
The safe choice
But she wasn't sure she actually preferred it
It had become a far too common an event in her life
She has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed
Now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be
The alarm went off at exactly 6:00 AM as it had every morning for the past five years
Barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by 7:00 AM
The day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change
In fact, it was going to change at exactly 7:23 AM
The picket fence had stood for years without any issue
That's all it was
A simple, white, picket fence
Why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most
Yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence
There was a reason for her shyness
Everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better
She knew the exact moment that the shyness began
It had been that fateful moment at the lake
There are just some events that do that to you
She looked at her little girl who was about to become a teen
She tried to think back to when the girl had been younger but failed to pinpoint the exact moment when she had become a little too big to pick up and carry
It hit her all at once
She was no longer a little girl and she stood there speechless with fear, sadness, and pride all running through her at the same time
The time to take action was now
All three men knew in their hearts this was the case, yet none of them moved a muscle to try
They were all watching and waiting for one of the others to make the first move so they could follow a step or two behind and help
The situation demanded a leader and all three men were followers
Sometimes it's just better not to be seen
That's how Harry had always lived his life
He prided himself as being the fly on the wall and the fae that blended into the crowd
That's why he was so shocked that she noticed him
It went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down
But that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust
She tried to explain that love wasn't like pie
There wasn't a set number of slices to be given out
There wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another
That after a set amount was given out it would all disappear
She tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears
There wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention
It was the clouds
The deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these
She knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared
There was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her
The fact that it did actually bother her bothered her even more
What had changed in her life that such a small thing could annoy her so much for the entire day? She knew it was ridiculous that she even took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing over it as she tried to fall asleep
The cab arrived late
The inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been cleaned in months
The green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odors emitting from the cab
The correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and didn't have a choice
She didn't understand how changed worked
When she looked at today compared to yesterday, there was nothing that she could see that was different
Yet, when she looked at today compared to last year, she couldn't see how anything was ever the same
He took a sip of the drink
He wasn't sure whether he liked it or not, but at this moment it didn't matter
She had made it especially for him so he would have forced it down even if he had absolutely hated it
That's simply the way things worked
She made him a new-fangled drink each day and he took a sip of it and smiled, saying it was excellent
"So, what do you think?" he asked nervously
He wanted to know the answer, but at the same time, he didn't
He'd put his heart and soul into the project and he wasn't sure he'd be able to recover if they didn't like what he produced
The silence from the others in the room seemed to last a lifetime even though it had only been a moment since he asked the question
"So, what do you think?" he asked again
April seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices
She looked at her bed and what a mess it had become
How did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night? I'm so confused by your ridiculous meltdown that I must insist on some sort of explanation for your behavior towards me
It just doesn't make any sense
There's no way that I deserved the treatment you gave me without an explanation or an apology for how out of line you have been
She tried to explain that love wasn't like pie
There wasn't a set number of slices to be given out
There wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another
That after a set amount was given out it would all disappear
She tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears
It was a question of which of the two she preferred
On the one hand, the choice seemed simple
The more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most
It was the easy choice
The safe choice
But she wasn't sure she actually preferred it
The thing that's great about this job is the time sourcing the items involves no traveling
I just look online to buy it
It's really as simple as that
While everyone else is searching for what they can sell, I sit in front of my computer and buy better stuff for less money and spend a fraction of the time doing it
She had been told time and time again that the most important steps were the first and the last
It was something that she carried within her in everything she did, but then he showed up and disrupted everything
He told her that she had it wrong
The first step wasn't the most important
The last step wasn't the most important
It was the next step that was the most important
The light blinded him
It was dark and he thought he was the only one in the area, but the light shining in his eyes proved him wrong
It came from about 100 feet away and was shining so directly into his eyes he couldn't make out anything about the person holding the light
There was only one thing to do in this situation
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a flashlight of his own that was much stronger than the one currently blinding him
He turned it on and pointed it into the stranger's eyes
He walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible
Bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic
There was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down
Had he past them without seeing them? It didn't seem possible
He was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body
It wasn't quite yet time to panic
There was still time to salvage the situation
At least that is what she was telling himself
The reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was
Debbie had taken George for granted for more than fifteen years now
He wasn't sure what exactly had made him choose this time and place to address the issue, but he decided that now was the time
He looked straight into her eyes and just as she was about to speak, turned away and walked out the door
The box sat on the desk next to the computer
It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier
She didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been
As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life
He hid under the covers hoping that nobody would notice him there
It really didn't make much sense since it would be obvious to anyone who walked into the room there was someone hiding there, but he still held out hope
He heard footsteps coming down the hall and stop in front in front of the bedroom door
He heard the squeak of the door hinges and someone opened the bedroom door
He held his breath waiting for whoever was about to discover him, but they never did
She's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore
The answers were always the same
Well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense
A more accurate description was the answers never surprised her
So, she asked for the 10,000th time, "What's your favorite animal?" But this time was different
When she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly
Dave watched as the forest burned up on the hill, only a few miles from her house
The car had been hastily packed and Marta was inside trying to round up the last of the pets
Dave went through his mental list of the most important papers and documents that they couldn't leave behind
He scolded himself for not having prepared these better in advance and hoped that he had remembered everything that was needed
He continued to wait for Marta to appear with the pets, but she still was nowhere to be seen
It had been a late night
To be more correct, it had been an early morning
It was now 3:00 AM and George was just getting home
He wasn't sure if it had been worth it
He was supposed to have been finished by 10:00 PM, but his boss had implored him to stay and help when it was clear they weren't going to meet the 10:00 PM target time
So, he had stayed an extra 5 hours and lost a good night's sleep for something he didn't really believe in, but he did anyway because he was afraid if he refused he might lose his job
Trees
It was something about the trees
The way they swayed with the wind in unison
The way they shaded the area around them
The sounds of their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the branches as they sway, The trees were making a statement that I just couldn't understand
Do you really listen when you are talking with someone? I have a friend who listens in an unforgiving way
She actually takes every word you say as being something important and when you have a friend that listens like that, words take on a whole new meaning
"Are you getting my texts???" she texted to him
He glanced at it and chuckled under his breath
Of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? He put the phone down and continued on his project
He was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so
It was cloudy outside but not really raining
There was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella
This hadn't stopped Sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it
It had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day
Sarah used the umbrella to hide
The opened package of potato chips held the answer to the mystery
Both detectives looked at it but failed to realize it was the key to solve the crime
They passed by it assuming it was random trash ensuring that the case would never be solved
The house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road
It wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed
They were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person
She was infatuated with color
She didn't have a favorite color per se, but she did have a fondness for teals and sea greens
You could see it in the clothes she wore that color was an important part of her overall style
She took great pride that color flowed from her and that color was always all around her
That is why, she explained to her date sitting across the table, that she could never have a serious relationship with him due to the fact that he was colorblind
She never liked cleaning the sink
It was beyond her comprehension how it got so dirty so quickly
It seemed that she was forced to clean it every other day
Even when she was extra careful to keep things clean and orderly, it still ended up looking like a mess in a couple of days
What she didn't know was there was a tiny creature living in it that didn't like things neat
Debbie knew she was being selfish and unreasonable
She understood why the others in the room were angry and frustrated with her and the way she was acting
In her eyes, it didn't really matter how they felt because she simply didn't care
The song came from the bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's running water
It was the same way each day began since he could remember
It listened intently and concluded that the singing today was as terrible as it had ever been
At that moment, she realized that she had created her current life
It wasn't the life she wanted, but she took responsibility for how it currently stood
Something clicked and she saw that every choice she made to this point in her life had led to where her life stood at this very moment even if she knew this wasn't where she wanted to be
She determined to choose to change it
It was easy to spot her
All you needed to do was look at her socks
They were never a matching pair
One would be green while the other would be blue
One would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle
Every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks
They were her micro act of rebellion
The picket fence had stood for years without any issue
That's all it was
A simple, white, picket fence
Why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most
Yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence
She considered the birds to be her friends
She'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day
She wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her
Would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning? It was a good idea
At least, they all thought it was a good idea at the time
Hindsight would reveal that in reality, it was an unbelievably terrible idea, but it would take another week for them to understand that
Right now, at this very moment
they all agreed that it was the perfect course of action for the current situation
Sometimes it just doesn't make sense
The man walking down the street in a banana suit
The llama standing in the middle of the road
The fairies dancing in front of the car window
The fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream
They needed to find a place to eat
The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown
Even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy
Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others
It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown
Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly
He dropped the ball
While most people would think that this was a metaphor of some type, in Joe's case it was absolutely literal
He had hopes of reaching the Major League and that dream was now it great jeopardy
All because he had dropped the ball
To the two friends, the treehouse was much more than a treehouse
It was a sanctuary away from the other kids where they could be themselves without being teased or bullied
It was their secret fortress hidden high in the branches of a huge oak that only they knew existed
At least that is what they thought
They were more than a little annoyed when their two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse into a princess castle by painting the inside pink and putting glitter everywhere
She sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places
She paused and considered all that had happened
It hadn't gone as expected
When the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day's events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day
Was it a whisper or was it the wind? He wasn't quite sure
He thought he heard a voice but at this moment all he could hear was the wind rustling the leaves of the trees all around him
He stopped and listened more intently to see if he could hear the voice again
Nothing but the wind rustling the leaves could be heard
He was about to continue his walk when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he quickly turned to see who it was
There was nobody there, but he heard the voice again
"Do Not Enter." The sign made it clear that they didn't want anyone around
That wasn't going to stop Jack
Jack always lived with the notion that signs were mere suggestions, not actually absolute rules
That's why the moment Jack looked at the "Do Not Enter" sign, he walked past it and onto their property
The drug seekers would come into the emergency room and scream about how much pain they were in
When you told them that you would start elevating their pain with Tylenol or Advil instead of a narcotic they became nasty and combative
They would start telling you what drug and dose they had to have to make their pain tolerable
After dealing with the same drug seekers several times a month it gets old
Some of the doctors would give in and give them a dose of morphine and send them away
Sure that was faster, but ethically she still couldn’t do it
Perhaps that’s why she had longer care times than the other doctors
They rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need
There was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind
Everything was thrown into the car and they sped off
Thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all
The leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years
It wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it
The scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty
The jacket was in its prime and it knew it
Wandering down the path to the pond had become a daily routine
Even when the weather wasn't cooperating like today with the wind and rain, Jerry still took the morning stroll down the path until he reached the pond
Although there didn't seem to be a particular reason Jerry did this to anyone looking in from the outside, those who knew him well knew exactly what was going on
It could all be traced back to a specific incident that happened exactly 5 years previously
The blinking light caught her attention
She thought about it a bit and couldn't remember ever noticing it before
That was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years
Now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice
A long black shadow slid across the pavement near their feet and the five Venusians, very much startled, looked overhead
They were barely in time to see the huge gray form of the carnivore before it vanished behind a sign atop a nearby building which bore the mystifying information "Pepsi-Cola." It had been a simple realization that had changed Debra's life perspective
It was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth
Now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was
That made her all the more relieved she had made the change
The number of hearts her Instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth
There wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention
It was the clouds
The deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these
She knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared
The bowl was filled with fruit
It seemed to be an overabundance of strawberries, but it also included blueberries, raspberries, grapes, and banana slices
This was the meal Sarah had every morning to start her day since she could remember
Why she decided to add chocolate as an option today was still a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the process of deciding she wanted to change her routine
This was a baby step to begin that start
She nervously peered over the edge
She understood in her mind that the view was supposed to be beautiful, but all she felt was fear
There had always been something about heights that disturbed her, and now she could feel the full force of this unease
She reluctantly crept a little closer with the encouragement of her friends as the fear continued to build
She couldn't help but feel that something horrible was about to happen
He knew what he was supposed to do
That had been apparent from the beginning
That was what made the choice so difficult
What he was supposed to do and what he would do were not the same
This would have been fine if he were willing to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasn't
They needed to find a place to eat
The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown
Even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy
Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others
It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown
Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly
"Do Not Enter." The sign made it clear that they didn't want anyone around
That wasn't going to stop Jack
Jack always lived with the notion that signs were mere suggestions, not actually absolute rules
That's why the moment Jack looked at the "Do Not Enter" sign, he walked past it and onto their property
There was a time and a place for Stephanie to use her magic
The problem was that she had a difficult time determining this
She wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences
Unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time
As she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye
It wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving
She squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help
As she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body
She felt like she should get up and run
If only she could make out what it was
At that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same
It had been a rough day
Things hadn't gone as planned and that meant Hannah got yelled at by her boss
It didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault
When things went wrong at work, Hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances
It wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had
I don’t like cats and they don’t like me
I used to be allergic to them and I would get stuffed up and have hives
That doesn’t seem to happen anymore
But I still don’t like them
I lived with 3 cats that were not good at peeing in the litter box
They seemed to find something important to me and pee on it
Most of the time they peed on photographs or papers that would be ruined
Cats also bring fleas into the house
There is nothing worse than having to flea dip cats and also flea bomb a home
That is why I don’t like cats
Green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy
Ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore
At least this was the way it was supposed to be
Something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway
Welcome to my world
You will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible
That is if you are able to survive..
The red glint of paint sparkled under the sun
He had dreamed of owning this car since he was ten, and that dream had become a reality less than a year ago
It was his baby and he spent hours caring for it, pampering it, and fondling over it
She knew this all too well, and that's exactly why she had taken a sludge hammer to it
I love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as I begin to shape the log in front of me
The sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut I am making
The smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique
The water is sprayed out as I cut through the different layers of wood
A log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools
I have those hands and imagination
I use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object
That is why I enjoy turning wood
His mother had always taught him not to ever think of himself as better than others
He'd tried to live by this motto
He never looked down on those who were less fortunate or who had less money than him
But the stupidity of the group of people he was talking to made him change his mind
Life isn't always beautiful
That was a lesson that Dan was learning
He also realized that life wasn't easy
This had come as a shock since he had lived a charmed life
He hated that this was the truth and he struggled to be happy knowing that his assumptions weren't correct
He wouldn't realize until much later in life that the difficult obstacles he was facing that were taking away the beauty in his life at this moment would ultimately make his life much more beautiful
All he knew was that at this moment was that life isn't always beautiful
What was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown
Both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore
That was the problem
There was always one that let fear rule her life
His parents continued to question him
He didn't know what to say to them since they refused to believe the truth
He explained again and again, and they dismissed his explanation as a figment of his imagination
There was no way that grandpa, who had been dead for five years, could have told him where the treasure had been hidden
Of course, it didn't help that grandpa was roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as he tried to explain once again how he'd found it
One foot in front of the other, One more step, and then one more
Jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest
He's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step
Then another
And then one more
It had become a far too common an event in her life
She has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed
Now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be
Sometimes it's just better not to be seen
That's how Harry had always lived his life
He prided himself as being the fly on the wall and the fae that blended into the crowd
That's why he was so shocked that she noticed him
Greg understood that this situation would make Michael terribly uncomfortable
Michael simply had no idea what was about to come and even though Greg could prevent it from happening, he opted to let it happen
It was quite ironic, really
It was something Greg had said he would never wish upon anyone a million times, yet here he was knowingly letting it happen to one of his best friends
He rationalized that it would ultimately make Michael a better person and that no matter how uncomfortable, everyone should experience racism at least once in their lifetime
It had been a simple realization that had changed Debra's life perspective
It was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth
Now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was
That made her all the more relieved she had made the change
The number of hearts her Instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth
The shoes had been there for as long as anyone could remember
In fact, it was difficult for anyone to come up with a date they had first appeared
It had seemed they'd always been there and yet they seemed so out of place
Why nobody had removed them was a question that had been asked time and again, but while they all thought it, nobody had ever found the energy to actually do it
So, the shoes remained on the steps, out of place in one sense, but perfectly normal in another
Dragons don't exist they said
They are the stuff of legend and people's imagination
Greg would have agreed with this assessment without a second thought 24 hours ago
But now that there was a dragon staring directly into his eyes, he questioned everything that he had been told
It was easy to spot her
All you needed to do was look at her socks
They were never a matching pair
One would be green while the other would be blue
One would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle
Every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks
They were her micro act of rebellion
Spending time at national parks can be an exciting adventure, but this wasn't the type of excitement she was hoping to experience
As she contemplated the situation she found herself in, she knew she'd gotten herself in a little more than she bargained for
It wasn't often that she found herself in a tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were looking to make her their next meal
It wasn't quite yet time to panic
There was still time to salvage the situation
At least that is what she was telling himself
The reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was
It all started with the computer
Had he known what was to follow, he would have never logged on that day
But the truth was there was no way to know what was about to happen
So Dave pressed the start button, the computer booted up, the screen came alive, and everything Dave knew to be true no longer was
It was a scrape that he hardly noticed
Sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures
There was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream
He felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him
"It was so great to hear from you today and it was such weird timing," he said
"This is going to sound funny and a little strange, but you were in a dream I had just a couple of days ago
I'd love to get together and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of coffee," he continued, laying the trap he'd been planning for years
He ordered his regular breakfast
Two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two strips of bacon
He continued to look at the menu wondering if this would be the day he added something new
This was also part of the routine
A few seconds of hesitation to see if something else would be added to the order before demuring and saying that would be all
It was the same exact meal that he had ordered every day for the past two years
They say you only come to peace with yourself when you know yourself better than those around you
Derick knew nothing about this
He thought he had found peace but this was an illusion as he was about to find out with an unexpected occurrence that he actually knew nothing about himself
He was an expert but not in a discipline that anyone could fully appreciate
He knew how to hold the cone just right so that the soft server ice-cream fell into it at the precise angle to form a perfect cone each and every time
It had taken years to perfect and he could now do it without even putting any thought behind it
Nobody seemed to fully understand the beauty of this accomplishment except for the new worker who watched in amazement
The alarm went off at exactly 6:00 AM as it had every morning for the past five years
Barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by 7:00 AM
The day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change
In fact, it was going to change at exactly 7:23 AM
He wondered if he should disclose the truth to his friends
It would be a risky move
Yes, the truth would make things a lot easier if they all stayed on the same page, but the truth might fracture the group leaving everything in even more of a mess than it was not telling the truth
It was time to decide which way to go
He read about a hike called the incline in the guidebook
It said it was a strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water
“A beautiful hike to the clouds” described one review
“Not for the faint-hearted,” said another
“Not too bad of a workout”, bragged a third review
I thought I’d hike it when I fly in from Maryland on my day off from the senior citizen's wellness conference
I hiked 2 miles a day around the neighborhood so I could handle a 1.1-mile hike
What a foolish mistake that was for a 70-year-old low-lander
After hunting for several hours, we finally saw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock
I took one of the wooden clubs while Larry took the longer one
We slowly snuck up behind the seal until we were close enough to club it over its head
The seal slumped over and died
This seal would help us survive
We could eat the meat and fat
The fat could be burned in a shell for light and the fur could be used to make a blanket
We declared our first day of hunting a great success
He sat across from her trying to imagine it was the first time
It wasn't
Had it been a hundred? It quite possibly could have been
Two hundred? Probably not
His mind wandered until he caught himself and again tried to imagine it was the first time
One can cook on and with an open fire
These are some of the ways to cook with fire outside
Cooking meat using a spit is a great way to evenly cook meat
In order to keep meat from burning, it's best to slowly rotate it
Hot stones can be used to toast bread
Coals are hot and can bring things to a boil quickly
If one is very adventurous, one can make a hole in the ground, fill it with coals and place foil-covered meat, veggies, and potatoes into the coals, and cover all of it with dirt
In a short period of time, the food will be baked
Campfire cooking can be done in many ways
Brenda never wanted to be famous
While most of her friends dreamed about being famous, she could see the negative aspects that those who wanted to be famous seemed to ignore
The fact that you could never do anything in public without being mobbed and the complete lack of privacy was something that she never wanted to experience
She also had no desire to have strangers speculating about every aspect of her life and what each thing she did was supposed to mean
Brenda was perfectly happy with her anonymous life where she could do exactly as she wanted without anyone else giving a damn
Thus, her overnight Internet celebrity was not something she was thrilled about as her friends told her how lucky she was
I guess we could discuss the implications of the phrase "meant to be." That is if we wanted to drown ourselves in a sea of backwardly referential semantics and other mumbo-jumbo
Maybe such a discussion would result in the determination that "meant to be" is exactly as meaningless a phrase as it seems to be, and that none of us is actually meant to be doing anything at all
But that's my existential underpants underpinnings showing
It's the way the cookie crumbles
And now I want a cookie
Sometimes there isn't a good answer
No matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense
And instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question
Why? The boxed moved
That was a problem
Peter had packed the box three hours before and there was nothing inside that should make it move
The question now was whether or not Peter was going to open it up and look inside to see why it had moved
The answer to that question was obvious
Peter dropped the package into the mailbox so he would never have to see it again
MaryLou wore the tiara with pride
There was something that made doing anything she didn't really want to do a bit easier when she wore it
She really didn't care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment
He wandered down the stairs and into the basement
The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air
A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper
He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years
He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live
Stormi is a dog
She is dark grey and has long legs
Her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking
Her tongue is long, pink, and wet
Her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies
She can be a good dog, but also very bad
Her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad
Stormi is a dog I love
It had been a late night
To be more correct, it had been an early morning
It was now 3:00 AM and George was just getting home
He wasn't sure if it had been worth it
He was supposed to have been finished by 10:00 PM, but his boss had implored him to stay and help when it was clear they weren't going to meet the 10:00 PM target time
So, he had stayed an extra 5 hours and lost a good night's sleep for something he didn't really believe in, but he did anyway because he was afraid if he refused he might lose his job
Matt told her to reach for the stars, but Veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received
Sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it
She didn't like the food
She never did
She made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming
But this time was different
Instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word
He wandered down the stairs and into the basement
The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air
A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper
He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years
He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live
The water rush down the wash and into the slot canyon below
Two hikers had started the day to sunny weather without a cloud in the sky, but they hadn't thought to check the weather north of the canyon
Huge thunderstorms had brought a deluge o rain and produced flash floods heading their way
The two hikers had no idea what was coming
Twenty-five years Dana had been waiting
She tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like
But today the opportunity had finally come
The thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen
She didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside
Another option you have is choosing the number of syllables in the words you speak
You probably have never considered this option before, but you have it every time you open your mouth and speak
You make so many choices like this that you never even think about, but you have the choice with each one
What are you going to do with this knowledge? The time to take action was now
All three men knew in their hearts this was the case, yet none of them moved a muscle to try
They were all watching and waiting for one of the others to make the first move so they could follow a step or two behind and help
The situation demanded a leader and all three men were followers
Although Scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did
They had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something Joe apologized for doing didn't really matter
Scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as Joe continued to apologize
Scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same
The boxed moved
That was a problem
Peter had packed the box three hours before and there was nothing inside that should make it move
The question now was whether or not Peter was going to open it up and look inside to see why it had moved
The answer to that question was obvious
Peter dropped the package into the mailbox so he would never have to see it again
The red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox
It had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well
The other toys grumbled beneath
At one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box
"Do Not Enter." The sign made it clear that they didn't want anyone around
That wasn't going to stop Jack
Jack always lived with the notion that signs were mere suggestions, not actually absolute rules
That's why the moment Jack looked at the "Do Not Enter" sign, he walked past it and onto their property
The tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play
It still wore the tire swing the kids had put up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days
The tree had watched all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when another child played and laughed again under its branches
That was the hope that the tree wished every day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind
The clowns had taken over
And yes, they were literally clowns
Over 100 had appeared out of a small VW bug that had been driven up to the bank
Now they were all inside and had taken it over
It all started with a random letter
Several of those were joined forces to create a random word
The words decided to get together and form a random sentence
They decided not to stop there and it wasn't long before a random paragraph had been cobbled together
The question was whether or not they could continue the momentum long enough to create a random short story
She's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore
The answers were always the same
Well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense
A more accurate description was the answers never surprised her
So, she asked for the 10,000th time, "What's your favorite animal?" But this time was different
When she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly
Greg understood that this situation would make Michael terribly uncomfortable
Michael simply had no idea what was about to come and even though Greg could prevent it from happening, he opted to let it happen
It was quite ironic, really
It was something Greg had said he would never wish upon anyone a million times, yet here he was knowingly letting it happen to one of his best friends
He rationalized that it would ultimately make Michael a better person and that no matter how uncomfortable, everyone should experience racism at least once in their lifetime
"What is the best way to get what you want?" she asked
He looked down at the ground knowing that she wouldn't like his answer
He hesitated, knowing that the truth would only hurt
How was he going to tell her that the best way for him to get what he wanted was to leave her? The wave roared towards them with speed and violence they had not anticipated
They both turned to run but by that time it was too late
The wave crashed into their legs sweeping both of them off of their feet
They now found themselves in a washing machine of saltwater, getting tumbled and not know what was up or down
Both were scared, not knowing how this was going to end, but it was by far the best time of the trip thus far
I don’t like cats and they don’t like me
I used to be allergic to them and I would get stuffed up and have hives
That doesn’t seem to happen anymore
But I still don’t like them
I lived with 3 cats that were not good at peeing in the litter box
They seemed to find something important to me and pee on it
Most of the time they peed on photographs or papers that would be ruined
Cats also bring fleas into the house
There is nothing worse than having to flea dip cats and also flea bomb a home
That is why I don’t like cats
It was a weird concept
Why would I really need to generate a random paragraph? Could I actually learn something from doing so? All these questions were running through her head as she pressed the generate button
To her surprise, she found what she least expected to see
He wondered if he should disclose the truth to his friends
It would be a risky move
Yes, the truth would make things a lot easier if they all stayed on the same page, but the truth might fracture the group leaving everything in even more of a mess than it was not telling the truth
It was time to decide which way to go
Her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head
It didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt
While most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year
That was her secret
She kept worlds on top of her head
Her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair
They were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes
She was rather handsome than beautiful
Her face was captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features
Her manner was engaging
Brenda never wanted to be famous
While most of her friends dreamed about being famous, she could see the negative aspects that those who wanted to be famous seemed to ignore
The fact that you could never do anything in public without being mobbed and the complete lack of privacy was something that she never wanted to experience
She also had no desire to have strangers speculating about every aspect of her life and what each thing she did was supposed to mean
Brenda was perfectly happy with her anonymous life where she could do exactly as she wanted without anyone else giving a damn
Thus, her overnight Internet celebrity was not something she was thrilled about as her friends told her how lucky she was
The red line moved across the page
With each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room
The actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real
The red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same
He ordered his regular breakfast
Two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two strips of bacon
He continued to look at the menu wondering if this would be the day he added something new
This was also part of the routine
A few seconds of hesitation to see if something else would be added to the order before demuring and saying that would be all
It was the same exact meal that he had ordered every day for the past two years
Nobody really understood Kevin
It wasn't that he was super strange or difficult
It was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him
This was a shame as Kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had
It was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if Kevin offered to give them the answers
So, Kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself
Dave watched as the forest burned up on the hill, only a few miles from her house
The car had been hastily packed and Marta was inside trying to round up the last of the pets
Dave went through his mental list of the most important papers and documents that they couldn't leave behind
He scolded himself for not having prepared these better in advance and hoped that he had remembered everything that was needed
He continued to wait for Marta to appear with the pets, but she still was nowhere to be seen
It's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money (beyond getting a 9 to 5 job) as part of our education system
The truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money
That doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from 9 to 5 for the next fifty years o your life
Terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it
He kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold
He knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved
It was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe
He kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face
Samantha wanted to be famous
The problem was that she had never considered all the downsides to actually being famous
Had she taken the time to objectively consider these downsides, she would have never agreed to publically sing that first song
"Can I get you anything else?" David asked
It was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer
It had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply
Nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and David didn't know how he should respond
There had to be a better way
That's all Nancy could think as she sat at her desk staring at her computer screen
She'd already spent five years of her life in this little cubicle staring at her computer doing "work" that didn't seem to matter to anyone including her own boss
There had to be more to her life than this and there had to be a better way to make a living
That's what she was thinking when the earthquake struck
The fog was as thick as pea soup
This was a problem
Gary was driving but couldn't see a thing in front of him
He knew he should stop, but the road was narrow so if he did, it would be right in the center of the road
He was sure that another car would end up rear-ending him, so he continued forward despite the lack of visibility
This was an unwise move
The thing that's great about this job is the time sourcing the items involves no traveling
I just look online to buy it
It's really as simple as that
While everyone else is searching for what they can sell, I sit in front of my computer and buy better stuff for less money and spend a fraction of the time doing it
She asked the question even though she didn't really want to hear the answer
It was a no-win situation since she already knew
If he told the truth, she'd get confirmation of her worst fears
If he lied, she'd know that he wasn't who she thought he was which would be almost as bad
Yet she asked the question anyway and waited for his answer
The young man wanted a role model
He looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized
His only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like
He sat across from her trying to imagine it was the first time
It wasn't
Had it been a hundred? It quite possibly could have been
Two hundred? Probably not
His mind wandered until he caught himself and again tried to imagine it was the first time
Lori lived her life through the lens of a camera
She never realized this until this very moment as she scrolled through thousands of images on your computer
She could remember the exact moment each photo was taken
She could remember where she had been, what she was thinking as she tried to get the shot, the smells of the surrounding area, and even the emotions that she felt taking the photo, yet she had trouble remembering what she had for breakfast
The day had begun on a bright note
The sun finally peeked through the rain for the first time in a week, and the birds were singing in its warmth
There was no way to anticipate what was about to happen
It was a worst-case scenario and there was no way out of it
All he wanted was a candy bar
It didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request
It might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face
It was a rat's nest
Not a literal one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemble every morning when she got up
It was going to take at least an hour to get it under control and she was sick and tired of it
She peered into the mirror and wondered if it was worth it
It wasn't
She opened the drawer and picked up the hair clippers
There was a time and a place for Stephanie to use her magic
The problem was that she had a difficult time determining this
She wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences
Unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time
Colors bounced around in her head
They mixed and threaded themselves together
Even colors that had no business being together
They were all one, yet distinctly separate at the same time
How was she going to explain this to the others? Her hand was balled into a fist with her keys protruding out from between her fingers
This was the weapon her father had shown her how to make when she walked alone to her car after work
She wished that she had something a little more potent than keys between her fingers
It would have been nice to have some mace or pepper spray
He had been meaning to buy some but had never gotten around to it
As the mother bear took another step forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense for this situation
The chair sat in the corner where it had been for over 25 years
The only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it
How long had it been since someone had done that? Ten years or more he imagined
Yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now
Matt told her to reach for the stars, but Veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received
Sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it
I haven't bailed on writing
Look, I'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track
I am making an effort
I will start writing consistently again! Out of another, I get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate
There is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house
I always fancy I see people walking in these numerous paths and arbors, but John has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least
He says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies and that I ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency
So I try
One dollar and eighty-seven cents
That was all
And sixty cents of it was in pennies
Pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one’s cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied
One dollar and eighty-seven cents
And the next day would be Christmas..
It was just a burger
Why couldn't she understand that? She knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? She wasn't even supposed to have found out
Yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger
There was something beautiful in his hate
It wasn't the hate itself as it was a disgusting display of racism and intolerance
It was what propelled the hate and the fact that although he had this hate, he didn't understand where it came from
It was at that moment that she realized that there was hope in changing him
She asked the question even though she didn't really want to hear the answer
It was a no-win situation since she already knew
If he told the truth, she'd get confirmation of her worst fears
If he lied, she'd know that he wasn't who she thought he was which would be almost as bad
Yet she asked the question anyway and waited for his answer
Matt told her to reach for the stars, but Veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received
Sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it
She didn't like the food
She never did
She made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming
But this time was different
Instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word
He had disappointed himself more than anyone else
That wasn't to say that he hadn't disappointed others
The fact was that he had disappointed a lot of people who were close to him
The fact that they were disappointed in him was something that made him even more disappointed in himself
Yet here he was, about to do the exact same things that had caused all the disappointment in the first place because he didn't know what else to do
Debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach
She wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air
She shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole
Her fingers still touched nothing but air
He looked at the sand
Picking up a handful, he wondered how many grains were in his hand
Hundreds of thousands? "Not enough," the said under his breath
I need more
She didn't understand how changed worked
When she looked at today compared to yesterday, there was nothing that she could see that was different
Yet, when she looked at today compared to last year, she couldn't see how anything was ever the same
Terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it
He kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold
He knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved
It was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe
He kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face
"So, what do you think?" he asked nervously
He wanted to know the answer, but at the same time, he didn't
He'd put his heart and soul into the project and he wasn't sure he'd be able to recover if they didn't like what he produced
The silence from the others in the room seemed to last a lifetime even though it had only been a moment since he asked the question
"So, what do you think?" he asked again
There were only two ways to get out of this mess if they all worked together
The problem was that neither was all that appealing
One would likely cause everyone a huge amount of physical pain while the other would likely end up with everyone in jail
In Sam's mind, there was only one thing to do
He threw everyone else under the bus and he secretly sprinted away leaving the others to take the fall without him
He heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears
Although it was soft and calming, he was wary
It seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on
He wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap
He was aware there were numerous wonders of this world including the unexplained creations of humankind that showed the wonder of our ingenuity
There are huge heads on Easter Island
There are the Egyptian pyramids
There’s Stonehenge
But he now stood in front of a newly discovered monument that simply didn't make any sense and he wondered how he was ever going to be able to explain it
She was in a hurry
Not the standard hurry when you're in a rush to get someplace, but a frantic hurry
The type of hurry where a few seconds could mean life or death
She raced down the road ignoring speed limits and weaving between cars
She was only a few minutes away when traffic came to a dead standstill on the road ahead
There was something in the sky
What exactly was up there wasn't immediately clear
But there was definitely something in the sky and it was getting bigger and bigger
As she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye
It wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving
She squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help
As she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body
She felt like she should get up and run
If only she could make out what it was
At that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same
She sat in the darkened room waiting
It was now a standoff
He had the power to put her in the room, but not the power to make her repent
It wasn't fair and no matter how long she had to endure the darkness, she wouldn't change her attitude
At three years old, Sandy's stubborn personality had already bloomed into full view
She counted
One
She could hear the steps coming closer
Two
Puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth
Three
He stopped beside her
Four
She pulled the trigger of the gun
Welcome to my world
You will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible
That is if you are able to survive..
She had been told time and time again that the most important steps were the first and the last
It was something that she carried within her in everything she did, but then he showed up and disrupted everything
He told her that she had it wrong
The first step wasn't the most important
The last step wasn't the most important
It was the next step that was the most important
The opened package of potato chips held the answer to the mystery
Both detectives looked at it but failed to realize it was the key to solve the crime
They passed by it assuming it was random trash ensuring that the case would never be solved
The chair sat in the corner where it had been for over 25 years
The only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it
How long had it been since someone had done that? Ten years or more he imagined
Yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now
She sat deep in thought
The next word that came out o her mouth would likely be the most important word of her life
It had to be exact with no possibility of being misinterpreted
She was ready
She looked deeply into his eyes and said, "Octopus." She closed her eyes and then opened them again
What she was seeing just didn't make sense
She shook her head seeing if that would help
It didn't
Although it seemed beyond reality, there was no denying she was witnessing a large formation of alien spaceships filling the sky
It went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down
But that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust
Her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette
The morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air
There was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning
A two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard
Stacey peeked outside
To most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking a photo to put on Instagram
For Stacey, it meant something different
The first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold
This is important to remember
Love isn't like pie
You don't need to divide it among all your friends and loved ones
No matter how much love you give, you can always give more
It doesn't run out, so don't try to hold back giving it as if it may one day run out
Give it freely and as much as you want
Brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself
That is why Kenneth and he had become such good friends
Kenneth forced Brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things he'd never imagine doing otherwise
Up to this point, this had been a good thing
It had expanded Brock's experiences and given him a new appreciation for life
Now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all Brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of Kenneth
The box sat on the desk next to the computer
It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier
She didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been
As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life
Colors bounced around in her head
They mixed and threaded themselves together
Even colors that had no business being together
They were all one, yet distinctly separate at the same time
How was she going to explain this to the others? Twenty-five hours had passed since the incident
It seemed to be a lot longer than that
That twenty-five hours seemed more like a week in her mind
The fact that she still was having trouble comprehending exactly what took place wasn't helping the matter
She thought if she could just get a little rest the entire incident might make a little more sense
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes
it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes
David had promised that he would be on time today
He never was, but he had promised this one time
She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise
Now she was paying the price
Twenty seconds were all that was left and Richard could hear each one tick by
Fifteen seconds now remained and the panic began to fully set in
Ten seconds and he wasn't sure he had enough time
Five seconds, four, three, two, one..
There wasn't a whole lot he could do at that moment
He played the situation again and again in his head looking at what he might have done differently to make the situation better
No matter how many times he relived the situation in his head, there was never really a good alternative course of action
There simply wasn't a whole lot he could have done in that particular moment
He walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible
Bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic
There was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down
Had he past them without seeing them? It didn't seem possible
He was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body
The drug seekers would come into the emergency room and scream about how much pain they were in
When you told them that you would start elevating their pain with Tylenol or Advil instead of a narcotic they became nasty and combative
They would start telling you what drug and dose they had to have to make their pain tolerable
After dealing with the same drug seekers several times a month it gets old
Some of the doctors would give in and give them a dose of morphine and send them away
Sure that was faster, but ethically she still couldn’t do it
Perhaps that’s why she had longer care times than the other doctors
He couldn't move
His head throbbed and spun
He couldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking last night
It was probably a combination of both
There was no time
He ran out of the door without half the stuff he needed for work, but it didn't matter
He was late and if he didn't make this meeting on time, someone's life may be in danger
The choice was red, green, or blue
It didn't seem like an important choice when he was making it, but it was a choice nonetheless
Had he known the consequences at that time, he would likely have considered the choice a bit longer
In the end, he didn't and ended up choosing blue
The paper was blank
It shouldn't have been
There should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more
The fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating
Actually, it was even more than frustrating
It was downright distressing
At that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider
"I could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." He tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent
It didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to
Twenty-five stars were neatly placed on the piece of paper
There was room for five more stars but they would be difficult ones to earn
It had taken years to earn the first twenty-five, and they were considered the "easy" ones
It really shouldn't have mattered to Betty
That's what she kept trying to convince herself even if she knew it mattered to Betty more than practically anything else
Why was she trying to convince herself otherwise? As she stepped forward to knock on Betty's door, she still didn't have a convincing answer to this question that she'd been asking herself for more than two years now
What if dogs were racist? Would they care about fur color….
“son, only play with other tan dogs”? Or maybe it would depend on breed, “honey, only play with other German Shepards, never poodles”
Better yet it could depend on occupation
“I’m a sled dog while you’re only a running companion, leave me alone”
Maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? Size could be the determining factor, “see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb”
Luckily dogs don’t discriminate
Just watch at a dog park
Big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs
A service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog
So if dogs don’t discriminate then why do we? Josh had spent year and year accumulating the information
He knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, Josh would be the one to call
The problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it
Years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic
She's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore
The answers were always the same
Well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense
A more accurate description was the answers never surprised her
So, she asked for the 10,000th time, "What's your favorite animal?" But this time was different
When she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly
Devon couldn't figure out the color of her eyes
He initially would have guessed that they were green, but the more he looked at them he almost wanted to say they were a golden yellow
Then there were the flashes of red and orange that seemed to be streaked throughout them
It was almost as if her eyes were made of opal with the sun constantly glinting off of them and bringing out more color
They were definitely the most unusual pair of eyes he'd ever seen
It wasn't that he hated her
It was simply that he didn't like her much
It was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand
She was in love and wanted him to feel the same way
He didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand
Sometimes that's just the way it has to be
Sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind
It was done and that was that
It was just the way it had to be
Peter always saw the world in black and white
There were two choices for every situation and you had to choose one of them
It was therefore terribly uncomfortable for him to spend time with Ashley
She saw the world in shades of gray with hundreds of choices to choose from in every situation
The desert wind blew the tumbleweed in front of the car
Alex swerved to avoid the tumbleweed, but he turned the wheel a bit too strong and the car left the road and skidded onto the dirt median
He instantly slammed on the brakes and the car stopped in a cloud of dirt
When the dust cloud had settled and he could see around him again, he realized that he'd somehow crossed over into an entirely new dimension
His mother had always taught him not to ever think of himself as better than others
He'd tried to live by this motto
He never looked down on those who were less fortunate or who had less money than him
But the stupidity of the group of people he was talking to made him change his mind
It was a scrape that he hardly noticed
Sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures
There was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream
He felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him
Twenty-five years Dana had been waiting
She tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like
But today the opportunity had finally come
The thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen
She didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside
The paper was blank
It shouldn't have been
There should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more
The fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating
Actually, it was even more than frustrating
It was downright distressing
She closed her eyes and then opened them again
What she was seeing just didn't make sense
She shook her head seeing if that would help
It didn't
Although it seemed beyond reality, there was no denying she was witnessing a large formation of alien spaceships filling the sky
It had been a simple realization that had changed Debra's life perspective
It was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth
Now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was
That made her all the more relieved she had made the change
The number of hearts her Instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth
Sometimes that's just the way it has to be
Sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind
It was done and that was that
It was just the way it had to be
Another option you have is choosing the number of syllables in the words you speak
You probably have never considered this option before, but you have it every time you open your mouth and speak
You make so many choices like this that you never even think about, but you have the choice with each one
What are you going to do with this knowledge? It's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money (beyond getting a 9 to 5 job) as part of our education system
The truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money
That doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from 9 to 5 for the next fifty years o your life
The rain was coming
Everyone thought this would be a good thing
It hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone
It wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive
He dropped the ball
While most people would think that this was a metaphor of some type, in Joe's case it was absolutely literal
He had hopes of reaching the Major League and that dream was now it great jeopardy
All because he had dropped the ball
He walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible
Bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic
There was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down
Had he past them without seeing them? It didn't seem possible
He was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body
There are different types of secrets
She had held onto plenty of them during her life, but this one was different
She found herself holding onto the worst type
It was the type of secret that could gnaw away at your insides if you didn't tell someone about it, but it could end up getting you killed if you did
Pink ponies and purple giraffes roamed the field
Cotton candy grew from the ground as a chocolate river meandered off to the side
What looked like stones in the pasture were actually rock candy
Everything in her dream seemed to be perfect except for the fact that she had no mouth
It was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind
He'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped
There was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last
Debbie knew she was being selfish and unreasonable
She understood why the others in the room were angry and frustrated with her and the way she was acting
In her eyes, it didn't really matter how they felt because she simply didn't care
It was the first day of the rest of her life
This wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward
Although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing
Her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend
She threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life
The computer wouldn't start
She banged on the side and tried again
Nothing
She lifted it up and dropped it to the table
Still nothing
She banged her closed fist against the top
It was at this moment she saw the irony of trying to fix the machine with violence
No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened
It didn't even really make sense to him
All he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move
It was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene
He knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth
It was easy to spot her
All you needed to do was look at her socks
They were never a matching pair
One would be green while the other would be blue
One would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle
Every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks
They were her micro act of rebellion
He knew what he was supposed to do
That had been apparent from the beginning
That was what made the choice so difficult
What he was supposed to do and what he would do were not the same
This would have been fine if he were willing to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasn't
Twenty seconds were all that was left and Richard could hear each one tick by
Fifteen seconds now remained and the panic began to fully set in
Ten seconds and he wasn't sure he had enough time
Five seconds, four, three, two, one..
"I'll talk to you tomorrow in more detail at our meeting, but I think I've found a solution to our problem
It's not exactly legal, but it won't land us in jail for the rest of our lives either
Are you willing to take the chance?" Monroe asked his partner over the phone
This is important to remember
Love isn't like pie
You don't need to divide it among all your friends and loved ones
No matter how much love you give, you can always give more
It doesn't run out, so don't try to hold back giving it as if it may one day run out
Give it freely and as much as you want
Eating raw fish didn't sound like a good idea
"It's a delicacy in Japan," didn't seem to make it any more appetizing
Raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not
It was a rat's nest
Not a literal one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemble every morning when she got up
It was going to take at least an hour to get it under control and she was sick and tired of it
She peered into the mirror and wondered if it was worth it
It wasn't
She opened the drawer and picked up the hair clippers
He wandered down the stairs and into the basement
The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air
A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper
He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years
He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live
Green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy
Ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore
At least this was the way it was supposed to be
Something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway
He swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell 25 feet away into the river
The lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite
He never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear
I love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as I begin to shape the log in front of me
The sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut I am making
The smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique
The water is sprayed out as I cut through the different layers of wood
A log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools
I have those hands and imagination
I use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object
That is why I enjoy turning wood
I recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees that shades one side of the valley
I had wandered into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly quiet, and was startled by the roar of my own gun, as it broke the Sabbath stillness around and was prolonged and reverberated by the angry echoes
She glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds taking shape
First, she saw a dog
Next, it was an elephant
Finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at that moment the rain began to pour
She counted
One
She could hear the steps coming closer
Two
Puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth
Three
He stopped beside her
Four
She pulled the trigger of the gun
The house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road
It wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed
They were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person
He scolded himself for being so tentative
He knew he shouldn't be so cautious, but there was a sixth sense telling him that things weren't exactly as they appeared
It was that weird chill that rolls up your neck and makes the hair stand on end
He knew that being so tentative could end up costing him the job, but he learned that listening to his sixth sense usually kept him from getting into a lot of trouble
Sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned
This had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it
He didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it
Or at least he thought he had
All that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound
They needed to find a place to eat
The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown
Even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy
Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others
It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown
Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly
She nervously peered over the edge
She understood in her mind that the view was supposed to be beautiful, but all she felt was fear
There had always been something about heights that disturbed her, and now she could feel the full force of this unease
She reluctantly crept a little closer with the encouragement of her friends as the fear continued to build
She couldn't help but feel that something horrible was about to happen
It was a question of which of the two she preferred
On the one hand, the choice seemed simple
The more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most
It was the easy choice
The safe choice
But she wasn't sure she actually preferred it
They say you only come to peace with yourself when you know yourself better than those around you
Derick knew nothing about this
He thought he had found peace but this was an illusion as he was about to find out with an unexpected occurrence that he actually knew nothing about himself
There was no time
He ran out of the door without half the stuff he needed for work, but it didn't matter
He was late and if he didn't make this meeting on time, someone's life may be in danger
The cab arrived late
The inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been cleaned in months
The green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odors emitting from the cab
The correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and didn't have a choice
The piano sat silently in the corner of the room
Nobody could remember the last time it had been played
The little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys
The sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years
In the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes
He was an expert but not in a discipline that anyone could fully appreciate
He knew how to hold the cone just right so that the soft server ice-cream fell into it at the precise angle to form a perfect cone each and every time
It had taken years to perfect and he could now do it without even putting any thought behind it
Nobody seemed to fully understand the beauty of this accomplishment except for the new worker who watched in amazement
Here's the thing
She doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway
That's just her character
She knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can
Doubt her more and she'll prove she can again
We all already know this and you will too
Time is all relative based on age and experience
When you are a child an hour is a long time to wait but a very short time when that’s all the time you are allowed on your iPad
As a teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you have and the more you procrastinate
As a young adult, you think you have forever to live and don’t appreciate the time you spend with others
As a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your children grow up
And finally, as you get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands on you, time slows
You appreciate each day and are thankful you are alive
An hour is the same amount of time for everyone yet it can feel so different in how it goes by
There were a variety of ways to win the game
James had played it long enough to know most of them and he could see what his opponent was trying to do
There was a simple counterattack that James could use and the game should be his
He began deploying it with the confidence of a veteran player who had been in this situation a thousand times in the past
So, it was with great surprise when his opponent used a move he had never before seen or anticipated to easily defeat him in the game
They had always called it the green river
It made sense
The river was green
The river likely had a different official name, but to everyone in town, it was and had always been the green river
So it was with great surprise that on this day the green river was a fluorescent pink
Debbie had taken George for granted for more than fifteen years now
He wasn't sure what exactly had made him choose this time and place to address the issue, but he decided that now was the time
He looked straight into her eyes and just as she was about to speak, turned away and walked out the door
There was a leak in the boat
Nobody had yet noticed it, and nobody would for the next couple of hours
This was a problem since the boat was heading out to sea and while the leak was quite small at the moment, it would be much larger when it was ultimately discovered
John had planned it exactly this way
The trees, therefore, must be such old and primitive techniques that they thought nothing of them, deeming them so inconsequential that even savages like us would know of them and not be suspicious
At that, they probably didn't have too much time after they detected us orbiting and intending to land
And if that were true, there could be only one place where their civilization was hidden
“Ingredients for life,” said the backside of the truck
They mean food, but really food is only 1 ingredient of life
Life has so many more ingredients such as pain, happiness, laughter, joy, tears, and smiles
Life also has hard work, easy play, sleepless nights, and sunbathing by the ocean
Love, hatred, envy, self-assurance, and fear could be just down aisle 3 ready to be bought when needed
How I wish I could pull ingredients like these off shelves in a store
The coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again
It reached its peak and began to descend
Both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do
The lone lamp post of the one-street town flickered, not quite dead but definitely on its way out
Suitcase by her side, she paid no heed to the light, the street or the town
A car was coming down the street and with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, she had a plan
She closed her eyes and then opened them again
What she was seeing just didn't make sense
She shook her head seeing if that would help
It didn't
Although it seemed beyond reality, there was no denying she was witnessing a large formation of alien spaceships filling the sky
It was a simple green chair
There was nothing extraordinary about it or so it seemed
It was the type of chair one would pass without even noticing it was there, let alone what the actual color of it was
It was due to this common and unassuming appearance that few people actually stopped to sit in it and discover its magical powers
There weren't supposed to be dragons flying in the sky
First and foremost, dragons didn't exist
They were mythical creatures from fantasy books like unicorns
This was something that Pete knew in his heart to be true so he was having a difficult time acknowledging that there were actually fire-breathing dragons flying in the sky above him
Rhonda prided herself on always taking the path less traveled
She'd decided to do this at an early age and had continued to do so throughout her entire life
It was a point of pride and she would explain to anyone who would listen that doing so was something that she'd made great efforts to always do
She'd never questioned this decision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "So, is this why your life has been so difficult?" and Rhonda didn't have an answer for her
It was supposed to be a dream vacation
They had planned it over a year in advance so that it would be perfect in every way
It had been what they had been looking forward to through all the turmoil and negativity around them
It had been the light at the end of both their tunnels
Now that the dream vacation was only a week away, the virus had stopped all air travel
It was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind
He'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped
There was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last
Betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing
She had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be
She could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece
She was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper
At that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider
"I could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." He tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent
It didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to
She tried to explain that love wasn't like pie
There wasn't a set number of slices to be given out
There wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another
That after a set amount was given out it would all disappear
She tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears
She has seen this scene before
It had come to her in dreams many times before
She had to pinch herself to make sure it wasn't a dream again
As her fingers squeezed against her arm, she felt the pain
It was this pain that immediately woke her up
He was aware there were numerous wonders of this world including the unexplained creations of humankind that showed the wonder of our ingenuity
There are huge heads on Easter Island
There are the Egyptian pyramids
There’s Stonehenge
But he now stood in front of a newly discovered monument that simply didn't make any sense and he wondered how he was ever going to be able to explain it
Stormi is a dog
She is dark grey and has long legs
Her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking
Her tongue is long, pink, and wet
Her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies
She can be a good dog, but also very bad
Her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad
Stormi is a dog I love
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes
it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes
David had promised that he would be on time today
He never was, but he had promised this one time
She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise
Now she was paying the price
He couldn't move
His head throbbed and spun
He couldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking last night
It was probably a combination of both
There wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention
It was the clouds
The deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these
She knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared
He slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block
He didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it
It was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project
The boxed moved
That was a problem
Peter had packed the box three hours before and there was nothing inside that should make it move
The question now was whether or not Peter was going to open it up and look inside to see why it had moved
The answer to that question was obvious
Peter dropped the package into the mailbox so he would never have to see it again
Her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair
They were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes
She was rather handsome than beautiful
Her face was captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features
Her manner was engaging
She didn't understand how changed worked
When she looked at today compared to yesterday, there was nothing that she could see that was different
Yet, when she looked at today compared to last year, she couldn't see how anything was ever the same
He watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence
There was no doubt that he was smart
The fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence
My pincher collar is snapped on
Then comes the electric zapper collar
Finally, my purple at-home collar is taken off and I know I’m going for a walk to the dog park
I’m so excited to see my friends
I hope Spike or Thunder are there already
They're the most fun to chase and tumble with
My human is pretty strict with me
I’m only allowed on the grass and not on the sidewalks
I think she’s afraid I’m going to jump on the other humans
I don’t understand why everyone else gets to jump on the benches and run wild on the sidewalks
They don’t listen to their humans
I know I could ignore mine but if I do she may zap me and it’s just not worth it
She probably wouldn’t let me back at the dog park if I didn’t listen to her
I just love the dog park
The bowl was filled with fruit
It seemed to be an overabundance of strawberries, but it also included blueberries, raspberries, grapes, and banana slices
This was the meal Sarah had every morning to start her day since she could remember
Why she decided to add chocolate as an option today was still a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the process of deciding she wanted to change her routine
This was a baby step to begin that start
There are only three ways to make this work
The first is to let me take care of everything
The second is for you to take care of everything
The third is to split everything 50 / 50
I think the last option is the most preferable, but I'm certain it'll also mean the end of our marriage
The water rush down the wash and into the slot canyon below
Two hikers had started the day to sunny weather without a cloud in the sky, but they hadn't thought to check the weather north of the canyon
Huge thunderstorms had brought a deluge o rain and produced flash floods heading their way
The two hikers had no idea what was coming
What was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown
Both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore
That was the problem
There was always one that let fear rule her life
He sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction
She sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched
Both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had been happy together
The light blinded him
It was dark and he thought he was the only one in the area, but the light shining in his eyes proved him wrong
It came from about 100 feet away and was shining so directly into his eyes he couldn't make out anything about the person holding the light
There was only one thing to do in this situation
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a flashlight of his own that was much stronger than the one currently blinding him
He turned it on and pointed it into the stranger's eyes
The blinking light caught her attention
She thought about it a bit and couldn't remember ever noticing it before
That was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years
Now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice
She needed glasses
It wasn't that she couldn't see without them, but what she could see with them
When she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond
It was like a superpower
But she needed glasses
It had been her dream for years but Dana had failed to take any action toward making it come true
There had always been a good excuse to delay or prioritize another project
As she woke, she realized she was once again at a crossroads
Would it be another excuse or would she finally find the courage to pursue her dream? Dana rose and took her first step
Welcome to my world
You will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible
That is if you are able to survive..
The picket fence had stood for years without any issue
That's all it was
A simple, white, picket fence
Why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most
Yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence
He couldn't remember exactly where he had read it, but he was sure that he had
The fact that she didn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began to search the Internet to find the article
It wasn't as if it was something that seemed impossible
Yet she insisted on always seeing the source whenever he stated a fact
"Can I get you anything else?" David asked
It was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer
It had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply
Nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and David didn't know how he should respond
There were a variety of ways to win the game
James had played it long enough to know most of them and he could see what his opponent was trying to do
There was a simple counterattack that James could use and the game should be his
He began deploying it with the confidence of a veteran player who had been in this situation a thousand times in the past
So, it was with great surprise when his opponent used a move he had never before seen or anticipated to easily defeat him in the game
I'm going to hire professional help tomorrow
I can't handle this anymore
She fell over the coffee table and now there is blood in her catheter
This is much more than I ever signed up to do
Brenda never wanted to be famous
While most of her friends dreamed about being famous, she could see the negative aspects that those who wanted to be famous seemed to ignore
The fact that you could never do anything in public without being mobbed and the complete lack of privacy was something that she never wanted to experience
She also had no desire to have strangers speculating about every aspect of her life and what each thing she did was supposed to mean
Brenda was perfectly happy with her anonymous life where she could do exactly as she wanted without anyone else giving a damn
Thus, her overnight Internet celebrity was not something she was thrilled about as her friends told her how lucky she was
The shoes had been there for as long as anyone could remember
In fact, it was difficult for anyone to come up with a date they had first appeared
It had seemed they'd always been there and yet they seemed so out of place
Why nobody had removed them was a question that had been asked time and again, but while they all thought it, nobody had ever found the energy to actually do it
So, the shoes remained on the steps, out of place in one sense, but perfectly normal in another
Breastfeeding is good for babies and moms
Infants that are breastfed get antibodies from their mothers against common illnesses
Breastfed babies have less chance of being obese as an adult
Breastfeeding a baby lets the infant-mother pair bond in a very unique way
Mother’s who breastfeed lower their chances of developing breast cancer
Usually, mothers who breastfeed lose their pregnancy weight more quickly and easily
The benefits of breastfeeding are numerous
It was cloudy outside but not really raining
There was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella
This hadn't stopped Sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it
It had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day
Sarah used the umbrella to hide
It was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed
You want to look, but you don't at the same time
You're frozen with fear and unable to act
That's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next Matt told her to reach for the stars, but Veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received
Sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it
Don't be scared
The things out there that are unknown aren't scary in themselves
They are just unknown at the moment
Take the time to know them before you list them as scary
Then the world will be a much less scary place for you
Samantha wanted to be famous
The problem was that she had never considered all the downsides to actually being famous
Had she taken the time to objectively consider these downsides, she would have never agreed to publically sing that first song
He collected the plastic trash on a daily basis
It never seemed to end
Even if he cleaned the entire beach, more plastic would cover it the next day after the tide had come in
Although it was a futile effort that would never be done, he continued to pick up the trash each day
It wasn't supposed to end that way
The plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again
There was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been
They all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened
In their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed
It all started with a random letter
Several of those were joined forces to create a random word
The words decided to get together and form a random sentence
They decided not to stop there and it wasn't long before a random paragraph had been cobbled together
The question was whether or not they could continue the momentum long enough to create a random short story
There was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her
The fact that it did actually bother her bothered her even more
What had changed in her life that such a small thing could annoy her so much for the entire day? She knew it was ridiculous that she even took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing over it as she tried to fall asleep
Should he write it down? That was the question running through his mind
He couldn't believe what had just happened and he knew nobody else would believe him as well
Even if he documented what had happened by writing it down, he still didn't believe anyone would still believe it
So the question remained
Was it be worth it to actually write it down? It really shouldn't have mattered to Betty
That's what she kept trying to convince herself even if she knew it mattered to Betty more than practically anything else
Why was she trying to convince herself otherwise? As she stepped forward to knock on Betty's door, she still didn't have a convincing answer to this question that she'd been asking herself for more than two years now
My pincher collar is snapped on
Then comes the electric zapper collar
Finally, my purple at-home collar is taken off and I know I’m going for a walk to the dog park
I’m so excited to see my friends
I hope Spike or Thunder are there already
They're the most fun to chase and tumble with
My human is pretty strict with me
I’m only allowed on the grass and not on the sidewalks
I think she’s afraid I’m going to jump on the other humans
I don’t understand why everyone else gets to jump on the benches and run wild on the sidewalks
They don’t listen to their humans
I know I could ignore mine but if I do she may zap me and it’s just not worth it
She probably wouldn’t let me back at the dog park if I didn’t listen to her
I just love the dog park
There wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention
It was the clouds
The deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these
She knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared
There had to be a better way
That's all Nancy could think as she sat at her desk staring at her computer screen
She'd already spent five years of her life in this little cubicle staring at her computer doing "work" that didn't seem to matter to anyone including her own boss
There had to be more to her life than this and there had to be a better way to make a living
That's what she was thinking when the earthquake struck
It's not his fault
I know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him
He really has no idea how it happened
I kept trying to come up with excuses I could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found out what happened, but the more I tried, the more I could see none of them would work
He was going to get her wrath and there was nothing I could say to prevent it
The amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop
It waited
While many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans
It wanted to be part of history
It wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history
So it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future
The robot clicked disapprovingly, gurgled briefly inside its cubical interior and extruded a pony glass of brownish liquid
"Sir, you will undoubtedly end up in a drunkard's grave, dead of hepatic cirrhosis," it informed me virtuously as it returned my ID card
I glared as I pushed the glass across the table
There was something beautiful in his hate
It wasn't the hate itself as it was a disgusting display of racism and intolerance
It was what propelled the hate and the fact that although he had this hate, he didn't understand where it came from
It was at that moment that she realized that there was hope in changing him
The box sat on the desk next to the computer
It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier
She didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been
As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life
The rain and wind abruptly stopped, but the sky still had the gray swirls of storms in the distance
Dave knew this feeling all too well
The calm before the storm
He only had a limited amount of time before all Hell broke loose, but he stopped to admire the calmness
Maybe it would be different this time, he thought, with the knowledge deep within that it wouldn't
There was a leak in the boat
Nobody had yet noticed it, and nobody would for the next couple of hours
This was a problem since the boat was heading out to sea and while the leak was quite small at the moment, it would be much larger when it was ultimately discovered
John had planned it exactly this way
I love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as I begin to shape the log in front of me
The sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut I am making
The smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique
The water is sprayed out as I cut through the different layers of wood
A log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools
I have those hands and imagination
I use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object
That is why I enjoy turning wood
The song came from the bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's running water
It was the same way each day began since he could remember
It listened intently and concluded that the singing today was as terrible as it had ever been
The kids were loud
They were way too loud for Jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight
The parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them
They were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest
He thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea
Sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end p in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point
There was only one way to do things in the Statton house
That one way was to do exactly what the father, Charlie, demanded
He made the decisions and everyone else followed without question
That was until today
"Can I get you anything else?" David asked
It was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer
It had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply
Nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and David didn't know how he should respond
Welcome to my world
You will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible
That is if you are able to survive..
Sarah watched the whirlpool mesmerized
She couldn't take her eyes off the water swirling around and around
She stuck in small twigs and leaves to watch the whirlpool catch them and then suck them down
It bothered her more than a little bit that this could also be used as a metaphor for her life
Although Scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did
They had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something Joe apologized for doing didn't really matter
Scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as Joe continued to apologize
Scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same
The boy walked down the street in a carefree way, playing without notice of what was about him
He didn't hear the sound of the car as his ball careened into the road
He took a step toward it, and in doing so sealed his fate
At that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider
"I could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." He tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent
It didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to
As she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye
It wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving
She squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help
As she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body
She felt like she should get up and run
If only she could make out what it was
At that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same
Stormi is a dog
She is dark grey and has long legs
Her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking
Her tongue is long, pink, and wet
Her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies
She can be a good dog, but also very bad
Her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad
Stormi is a dog I love
The trail to the left had a "Danger! Do Not Pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right
This wasn't the way Zeke approached his hiking
Rather than a warning, Zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting
As the others in the group all shited to the right, Zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes
it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes
David had promised that he would be on time today
He never was, but he had promised this one time
She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise
Now she was paying the price
He had disappointed himself more than anyone else
That wasn't to say that he hadn't disappointed others
The fact was that he had disappointed a lot of people who were close to him
The fact that they were disappointed in him was something that made him even more disappointed in himself
Yet here he was, about to do the exact same things that had caused all the disappointment in the first place because he didn't know what else to do
Sometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters
That's the lesson that Tom's dad had been trying to teach him, but Tom still couldn't let it go
He latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let it go, but he also realized that this wasn't healthy
That's when he came up with his devious plan
I checked in for the night at Out O The Way motel
What a bad choice that was
First I took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain
Next, the towel rack fell down when I reached for the one small bath towel
This allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet
I tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn’t stop scrolling through the channels
I gave up for the night and crawled into bed
I stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot
Filled with fear, I reached down and to my surprise, I pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear
After my initial relief that it wasn’t alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain
I jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car
What if dogs were racist? Would they care about fur color….
“son, only play with other tan dogs”? Or maybe it would depend on breed, “honey, only play with other German Shepards, never poodles”
Better yet it could depend on occupation
“I’m a sled dog while you’re only a running companion, leave me alone”
Maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? Size could be the determining factor, “see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb”
Luckily dogs don’t discriminate
Just watch at a dog park
Big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs
A service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog
So if dogs don’t discriminate then why do we? Housework could be everyone’s work, not just “women’s work”
Why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? Somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own
My friend’s husband claimed he didn’t know that sheets should be washed more than once a season
He said he didn’t know one had to clean toilets
He assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves
She tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook
Wouldn’t it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is “just bad at it”
My sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets
Hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided
Wandering down the path to the pond had become a daily routine
Even when the weather wasn't cooperating like today with the wind and rain, Jerry still took the morning stroll down the path until he reached the pond
Although there didn't seem to be a particular reason Jerry did this to anyone looking in from the outside, those who knew him well knew exactly what was going on
It could all be traced back to a specific incident that happened exactly 5 years previously
The bowl was filled with fruit
It seemed to be an overabundance of strawberries, but it also included blueberries, raspberries, grapes, and banana slices
This was the meal Sarah had every morning to start her day since she could remember
Why she decided to add chocolate as an option today was still a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the process of deciding she wanted to change her routine
This was a baby step to begin that start
Rhonda prided herself on always taking the path less traveled
She'd decided to do this at an early age and had continued to do so throughout her entire life
It was a point of pride and she would explain to anyone who would listen that doing so was something that she'd made great efforts to always do
She'd never questioned this decision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "So, is this why your life has been so difficult?" and Rhonda didn't have an answer for her
Frank knew there was a correct time and place to reveal his secret and this wasn't it
The issue was that the secret might be revealed despite his best attempt to keep it from coming out
At this point, it was out of his control and completely dependant on those around him who also knew the secret
They wouldn't purposely reveal it, or at least he believed that, but they could easily inadvertently expose it
It was going to be a long hour as he nervously eyed everyone around the table hoping they would keep their mouths shut
It seemed like it should have been so simple
There was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done
It was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case
The deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished
Another option you have is choosing the number of syllables in the words you speak
You probably have never considered this option before, but you have it every time you open your mouth and speak
You make so many choices like this that you never even think about, but you have the choice with each one
What are you going to do with this knowledge? The rain was coming
Everyone thought this would be a good thing
It hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone
It wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive
All he wanted was a candy bar
It didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request
It might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face
There was something in the tree
It was difficult to tell from the ground, but Rachael could see movement
She squinted her eyes and peered in the direction of the movement, trying to decipher exactly what she had spied
The more she peered, however, the more she thought it might be a figment of her imagination
Nothing seemed to move until the moment she began to take her eyes off the tree
Then in the corner of her eye, she would see the movement again and begin the process of staring again
The opened package of potato chips held the answer to the mystery
Both detectives looked at it but failed to realize it was the key to solve the crime
They passed by it assuming it was random trash ensuring that the case would never be solved
The light was out on the front porch of the house
This was strange
Judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out
She hopped out of her car and walked to the door
It was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible
She gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized
"Surprise! Happy Birthday!" everyone shouted
Green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy
Ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore
At least this was the way it was supposed to be
Something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway
It was difficult for him to admit he was wrong
He had been so certain that he was correct and the deeply held belief could never be shaken
Yet the proof that he had been incorrect stood right before his eyes
"See daddy, I told you that they are real!" his daughter excitedly proclaimed
What were the chances? It would have to be a lot more than 100 to 1
It was likely even more than 1,000 to 1
The more he thought about it, the odds of it happening had to be more than 10,000 to 1 and even 100,000 to 1
People often threw around the chances of something happening as being 1,000,000 to 1 as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, but he could see that they may actually be accurate in this situation
Whatever the odds of it happening, he knew they were big
What he didn't know was whether this happening was lucky or unlucky
Her mom had warned her
She had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her
She had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion
So when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray
It was her first big lesson in life, but not the last
I'm heading back to Colorado tomorrow after being down in Santa Barbara over the weekend for the festival there
I will be making October plans once there and will try to arrange so I'm back here for the birthday if possible
I'll let you know as soon as I know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans
"Begin today!" That's all the note said
There was no indication from where it came or who may have written it
Had it been meant for someone else? Meghan looked around the room, but nobody made eye contact back
For a brief moment, she thought it might be a message for her to follow her dreams, but ultimately decided it was easier to ignore it as she crumpled it up and threw it away
Indescribable oppression, which seemed to generate in some unfamiliar part of her consciousness, filled her whole being with a vague anguish
It was like a shadow, like a mist passing across her soul's summer day
It was strange and unfamiliar; it was a mood
She did not sit there inwardly upbraiding her husband, lamenting at Fate, which had directed her footsteps to the path which they had taken
She was just having a good cry all to herself
The mosquitoes made merry over her, biting her firm, round arms and nipping at her bare insteps
Although Scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did
They had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something Joe apologized for doing didn't really matter
Scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as Joe continued to apologize
Scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same
"Do Not Enter." The sign made it clear that they didn't want anyone around
That wasn't going to stop Jack
Jack always lived with the notion that signs were mere suggestions, not actually absolute rules
That's why the moment Jack looked at the "Do Not Enter" sign, he walked past it and onto their property
"What is the best way to get what you want?" she asked
He looked down at the ground knowing that she wouldn't like his answer
He hesitated, knowing that the truth would only hurt
How was he going to tell her that the best way for him to get what he wanted was to leave her? There were a variety of ways to win the game
James had played it long enough to know most of them and he could see what his opponent was trying to do
There was a simple counterattack that James could use and the game should be his
He began deploying it with the confidence of a veteran player who had been in this situation a thousand times in the past
So, it was with great surprise when his opponent used a move he had never before seen or anticipated to easily defeat him in the game
There was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe
All one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty
Yet Bob didn't see another option
He may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have
A choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly
I inadvertently went to See's Candy last week (I was in the mall looking for phone repair), and as it turns out, See's Candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings
I bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things
The total cost was four-something
I mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be real: A Snickers bar is fifty cents
After this dollar-per-candy revelation, I may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a See's Candy any time soon
How had she been so wrong? All her instincts and intuition completely failed her for the first time in her life
She had so heavily relied on both when making decisions up until this moment and she felt a seismic shift take place in her self-confidence
If she could be so completely wrong about something so simple as this, how could she make decisions about really important things taking place in her life? She wasn't sure what she should do next
Dragons don't exist they said
They are the stuff of legend and people's imagination
Greg would have agreed with this assessment without a second thought 24 hours ago
But now that there was a dragon staring directly into his eyes, he questioned everything that he had been told
It probably seemed trivial to most people, but it mattered to Tracey
She wasn't sure why it mattered so much to her, but she understood deep within her being that it mattered to her
So for the 365th day in a row, Tracey sat down to eat pancakes for breakfast
The shoes had been there for as long as anyone could remember
In fact, it was difficult for anyone to come up with a date they had first appeared
It had seemed they'd always been there and yet they seemed so out of place
Why nobody had removed them was a question that had been asked time and again, but while they all thought it, nobody had ever found the energy to actually do it
So, the shoes remained on the steps, out of place in one sense, but perfectly normal in another
The house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road
It wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed
They were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person
The trees, therefore, must be such old and primitive techniques that they thought nothing of them, deeming them so inconsequential that even savages like us would know of them and not be suspicious
At that, they probably didn't have too much time after they detected us orbiting and intending to land
And if that were true, there could be only one place where their civilization was hidden
Matt told her to reach for the stars, but Veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received
Sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it
Puppies are soft, cute, funny, and make a big mess
Every month or two our family fosters 6-12 week old puppies for a puppy rescue nonprofit organization
We all enjoy cuddling their furry bodies after a clean bath
Fresh puppy smell is great
The puppies play with each other and our adult dog
They look so funny when they lay on top of each other and sleep
While puppies can be great fun, they also can make big messes
4-6 puppies can make a lot of puppy pee and poop
It's a challenge to keep the puppies and the puppy pen clean
The box sat on the desk next to the computer
It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier
She didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been
As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life
It was just a burger
Why couldn't she understand that? She knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? She wasn't even supposed to have found out
Yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger
The shades were closed keeping the room dark
Peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower
Nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day
He stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day
Have you ever wondered about toes? Why 10 toes and not 12
Why are some bigger than others? Some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command
Some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at
Toes can be stubbed and make us scream
Toes help us balance and walk
10 toes are just something to ponder
One dollar and eighty-seven cents
That was all
And sixty cents of it was in pennies
Pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one’s cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied
One dollar and eighty-seven cents
And the next day would be Christmas..
Bryan had made peace with himself and felt comfortable with the choices he made
This had made all the difference in the world
Being alone no longer bothered him and this was essential since there was a good chance he might spend the rest of his life alone in a cell
It really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve
That's what he kept trying to convince himself
She was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome
He already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make
The question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve
Wandering down the path to the pond had become a daily routine
Even when the weather wasn't cooperating like today with the wind and rain, Jerry still took the morning stroll down the path until he reached the pond
Although there didn't seem to be a particular reason Jerry did this to anyone looking in from the outside, those who knew him well knew exactly what was going on
It could all be traced back to a specific incident that happened exactly 5 years previously
It was difficult to explain to them how the diagnosis of certain death had actually given him life
While everyone around him was in tears and upset, he actually felt more at ease
The doctor said it would be less than a year
That gave him a year to live, something he'd failed to do with his daily drudgery of a routine that had passed as life until then
The picket fence had stood for years without any issue
That's all it was
A simple, white, picket fence
Why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most
Yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence
There was a reason for her shyness
Everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better
She knew the exact moment that the shyness began
It had been that fateful moment at the lake
There are just some events that do that to you
She was aware that things could go wrong
In fact, she had trained her entire life in anticipation that things would go wrong one day
She had quiet confidence as she started to see that this was the day that all her training would be worthwhile and useful
At this point, she had no idea just how wrong everything would go that day
Her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair
They were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes
She was rather handsome than beautiful
Her face was captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features
Her manner was engaging
It's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike
If you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry
Only the slowest in the group do
That was the lesson they were about to learn that day
No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened
It didn't even really make sense to him
All he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move
It was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene
He knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth
There wasn't a whole lot more that could be done
It had become a wait-and-see situation with the final results no longer in her control
That didn't stop her from trying to control the situation
She demanded that things be done as she desperately tried to control what couldn't be
The lone lamp post of the one-street town flickered, not quite dead but definitely on its way out
Suitcase by her side, she paid no heed to the light, the street or the town
A car was coming down the street and with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, she had a plan
Sometimes it just doesn't make sense
The man walking down the street in a banana suit
The llama standing in the middle of the road
The fairies dancing in front of the car window
The fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream
The cab arrived late
The inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been cleaned in months
The green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odors emitting from the cab
The correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and didn't have a choice
It was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind
He'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped
There was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last
"It's never good to give them details," Janice told her sister
"Always be a little vague and keep them guessing." Her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement
She didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter
She loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth
Finding the red rose in the mailbox was a pleasant surprise for Sarah
She didn't have a boyfriend or know of anyone who was interested in her as anything more than a friend
There wasn't even a note attached to it
Although it was a complete mystery, it still made her heart jump and race a little more than usual
She wished that she could simply accept the gesture and be content knowing someone had given it to her, but that wasn't the way Sarah did things
Now it was time to do a little detective work and try to figure who had actually left the red rose
It was going to rain
The weather forecast didn't say that, but the steel plate in his hip did
He had learned over the years to trust his hip over the weatherman
It was going to rain, so he better get outside and prepare
It wasn't that he hated her
It was simply that he didn't like her much
It was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand
She was in love and wanted him to feel the same way
He didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand
He dropped the ball
While most people would think that this was a metaphor of some type, in Joe's case it was absolutely literal
He had hopes of reaching the Major League and that dream was now it great jeopardy
All because he had dropped the ball
She tried to explain that love wasn't like pie
There wasn't a set number of slices to be given out
There wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another
That after a set amount was given out it would all disappear
She tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears
It was a question of which of the two she preferred
On the one hand, the choice seemed simple
The more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most
It was the easy choice
The safe choice
But she wasn't sure she actually preferred it
Ten more steps
If he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move
He tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain
Ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it
Pink ponies and purple giraffes roamed the field
Cotton candy grew from the ground as a chocolate river meandered off to the side
What looked like stones in the pasture were actually rock candy
Everything in her dream seemed to be perfect except for the fact that she had no mouth
The alarm went off and Jake rose awake
Rising early had become a daily ritual, one that he could not fully explain
From the outside, it was a wonder that he was able to get up so early each morning for someone who had absolutely no plans to be productive during the entire day
The headache wouldn't go away
She's taken medicine but even that didn't help
The monstrous throbbing in her head continued
She had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening
There was a time when he would have embraced the change that was coming
In his youth, he sought adventure and the unknown, but that had been years ago
He wished he could go back and learn to find the excitement that came with change but it was useless
That curiosity had long left him to where he had come to loathe anything that put him out of his comfort zone
The fog was as thick as pea soup
This was a problem
Gary was driving but couldn't see a thing in front of him
He knew he should stop, but the road was narrow so if he did, it would be right in the center of the road
He was sure that another car would end up rear-ending him, so he continued forward despite the lack of visibility
This was an unwise move
The river slowly meandered through the open space
It had hidden secrets that it didn't want to reveal
It had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing
That's how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water's edge
She glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds taking shape
First, she saw a dog
Next, it was an elephant
Finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at that moment the rain began to pour
Sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned
This had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it
He didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it
Or at least he thought he had
All that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound
It had been a simple realization that had changed Debra's life perspective
It was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth
Now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was
That made her all the more relieved she had made the change
The number of hearts her Instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth
The chair sat in the corner where it had been for over 25 years
The only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it
How long had it been since someone had done that? Ten years or more he imagined
Yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now
Her hand was balled into a fist with her keys protruding out from between her fingers
This was the weapon her father had shown her how to make when she walked alone to her car after work
She wished that she had something a little more potent than keys between her fingers
It would have been nice to have some mace or pepper spray
He had been meaning to buy some but had never gotten around to it
As the mother bear took another step forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense for this situation
Trees
It was something about the trees
The way they swayed with the wind in unison
The way they shaded the area around them
The sounds of their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the branches as they sway, The trees were making a statement that I just couldn't understand
Time is all relative based on age and experience
When you are a child an hour is a long time to wait but a very short time when that’s all the time you are allowed on your iPad
As a teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you have and the more you procrastinate
As a young adult, you think you have forever to live and don’t appreciate the time you spend with others
As a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your children grow up
And finally, as you get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands on you, time slows
You appreciate each day and are thankful you are alive
An hour is the same amount of time for everyone yet it can feel so different in how it goes by
You can decide what you want to do in life, but I suggest doing something that creates
Something that leaves a tangible thing once you're done
That way even after you're gone, you will still live on in the things you created
It was a scrape that he hardly noticed
Sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures
There was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream
He felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him
"What is the best way to get what you want?" she asked
He looked down at the ground knowing that she wouldn't like his answer
He hesitated, knowing that the truth would only hurt
How was he going to tell her that the best way for him to get what he wanted was to leave her? It was difficult to explain to them how the diagnosis of certain death had actually given him life
While everyone around him was in tears and upset, he actually felt more at ease
The doctor said it would be less than a year
That gave him a year to live, something he'd failed to do with his daily drudgery of a routine that had passed as life until then
The young man wanted a role model
He looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized
His only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like
He heard the loud impact before he ever saw the result
It had been so loud that it had actually made him jump back in his seat
As soon as he recovered from the surprise, he saw the crack in the windshield
It seemed to be an analogy of the current condition of his life
There weren't supposed to be dragons flying in the sky
First and foremost, dragons didn't exist
They were mythical creatures from fantasy books like unicorns
This was something that Pete knew in his heart to be true so he was having a difficult time acknowledging that there were actually fire-breathing dragons flying in the sky above him
It was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week
She had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out
After all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful
It goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected
It had been a rough day
Things hadn't gone as planned and that meant Hannah got yelled at by her boss
It didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault
When things went wrong at work, Hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances
It wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had
There were two things that were important to Tracey
The first was her dog
Anyone that had ever met Tracey knew how much she loved her dog
Most would say that she treated it as her child
The dog went everywhere with her and it had been her best friend for the past five years
The second thing that was important to Tracey, however, would be a lot more surprising to most people
It's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike
If you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry
Only the slowest in the group do
That was the lesson they were about to learn that day
There was a time and a place for Stephanie to use her magic
The problem was that she had a difficult time determining this
She wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences
Unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time
She tried to explain that love wasn't like pie
There wasn't a set number of slices to be given out
There wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another
That after a set amount was given out it would all disappear
She tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears
Love isn't always a ray of sunshine
That's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man
She had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers
But now she had to face the fact that they may have been right
Love may not always be a ray of sunshine
That is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn
How had she been so wrong? All her instincts and intuition completely failed her for the first time in her life
She had so heavily relied on both when making decisions up until this moment and she felt a seismic shift take place in her self-confidence
If she could be so completely wrong about something so simple as this, how could she make decisions about really important things taking place in her life? She wasn't sure what she should do next
It was always the Monday mornings
It never seemed to happen on Tuesday morning, Wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week
But it happened every Monday morning like clockwork
He mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case
The trail to the left had a "Danger! Do Not Pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right
This wasn't the way Zeke approached his hiking
Rather than a warning, Zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting
As the others in the group all shited to the right, Zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret
There was a reason for her shyness
Everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better
She knew the exact moment that the shyness began
It had been that fateful moment at the lake
There are just some events that do that to you
She reached her goal, exhausted
Even more chilling to her was that the euphoria that she thought she'd feel upon reaching it wasn't there
Something wasn't right
Was this the only feeling she'd have for over five years of hard work? He couldn't remember exactly where he had read it, but he was sure that he had
The fact that she didn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began to search the Internet to find the article
It wasn't as if it was something that seemed impossible
Yet she insisted on always seeing the source whenever he stated a fact
He had disappointed himself more than anyone else
That wasn't to say that he hadn't disappointed others
The fact was that he had disappointed a lot of people who were close to him
The fact that they were disappointed in him was something that made him even more disappointed in himself
Yet here he was, about to do the exact same things that had caused all the disappointment in the first place because he didn't know what else to do
Terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it
He kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold
He knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved
It was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe
He kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face
The tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play
It still wore the tire swing the kids had put up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days
The tree had watched all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when another child played and laughed again under its branches
That was the hope that the tree wished every day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind
The red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox
It had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well
The other toys grumbled beneath
At one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box
There had to be a better way
That's all Nancy could think as she sat at her desk staring at her computer screen
She'd already spent five years of her life in this little cubicle staring at her computer doing "work" that didn't seem to matter to anyone including her own boss
There had to be more to her life than this and there had to be a better way to make a living
That's what she was thinking when the earthquake struck
Colors bounced around in her head
They mixed and threaded themselves together
Even colors that had no business being together
They were all one, yet distinctly separate at the same time
How was she going to explain this to the others? The song came from the bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's running water
It was the same way each day began since he could remember
It listened intently and concluded that the singing today was as terrible as it had ever been
The day had begun on a bright note
The sun finally peeked through the rain for the first time in a week, and the birds were singing in its warmth
There was no way to anticipate what was about to happen
It was a worst-case scenario and there was no way out of it
It was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind
He'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped
There was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last
There was a time in his life when her rudeness would have set him over the edge
He would have raised his voice and demanded to speak to the manager
That was no longer the case
He barely reacted at all, letting the rudeness melt away without saying a word back to her
He had been around long enough to know where rudeness came from and how unhappy the person must be to act in that way
All he could do was feel pity and be happy that he didn't feel the way she did to lash out like that
The rain was coming
Everyone thought this would be a good thing
It hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone
It wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive
The picket fence had stood for years without any issue
That's all it was
A simple, white, picket fence
Why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most
Yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence
Sometimes that's just the way it has to be
Sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind
It was done and that was that
It was just the way it had to be
He had three simple rules by which he lived
The first was to never eat blue food
There was nothing in nature that was edible that was blue
People often asked about blueberries, but everyone knows those are actually purple
He understood it was one of the stranger rules to live by, but it had served him well thus far in the 50+ years of his life
The headphones were on
They had been utilized on purpose
She could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was about
That was exactly why she had put them on
She knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of the previous yelling
It was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed
You want to look, but you don't at the same time
You're frozen with fear and unable to act
That's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next As she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye
It wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving
She squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help
As she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body
She felt like she should get up and run
If only she could make out what it was
At that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same
Sometimes there isn't a good answer
No matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense
And instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question
Why? Sleep deprivation causes all sorts of challenges and problems
When one doesn’t get enough sleep one’s mind doesn’t work clearly
Studies have shown that after staying awake for 24 hours one’s ability to do simple math is greatly impaired
Driving tired has been shown to be as bad as driving drunk
Moods change, depression, anxiety, and mania can be induced by lack of sleep
As much as people try to do without enough sleep it is a wonder more crazy things don’t happen in this world
Lori lived her life through the lens of a camera
She never realized this until this very moment as she scrolled through thousands of images on your computer
She could remember the exact moment each photo was taken
She could remember where she had been, what she was thinking as she tried to get the shot, the smells of the surrounding area, and even the emotions that she felt taking the photo, yet she had trouble remembering what she had for breakfast
They say you only come to peace with yourself when you know yourself better than those around you
Derick knew nothing about this
He thought he had found peace but this was an illusion as he was about to find out with an unexpected occurrence that he actually knew nothing about himself
The blinking light caught her attention
She thought about it a bit and couldn't remember ever noticing it before
That was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years
Now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice
The desert wind blew the tumbleweed in front of the car
Alex swerved to avoid the tumbleweed, but he turned the wheel a bit too strong and the car left the road and skidded onto the dirt median
He instantly slammed on the brakes and the car stopped in a cloud of dirt
When the dust cloud had settled and he could see around him again, he realized that he'd somehow crossed over into an entirely new dimension
There are different types of secrets
She had held onto plenty of them during her life, but this one was different
She found herself holding onto the worst type
It was the type of secret that could gnaw away at your insides if you didn't tell someone about it, but it could end up getting you killed if you did
Debbie had taken George for granted for more than fifteen years now
He wasn't sure what exactly had made him choose this time and place to address the issue, but he decided that now was the time
He looked straight into her eyes and just as she was about to speak, turned away and walked out the door
There was a time and a place for Stephanie to use her magic
The problem was that she had a difficult time determining this
She wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences
Unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time
He heard the loud impact before he ever saw the result
It had been so loud that it had actually made him jump back in his seat
As soon as he recovered from the surprise, he saw the crack in the windshield
It seemed to be an analogy of the current condition of his life
Patrick didn't want to go
The fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less
He had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite
But she insisted that Patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship
There was something special about this little creature
Donna couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all her heart that it was true
It wasn't a matter of if she was going to try and save it, but a matter of how she was going to save it
She went back to the car to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone
Twenty-five years Dana had been waiting
She tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like
But today the opportunity had finally come
The thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen
She didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside
A two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard
Stacey peeked outside
To most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking a photo to put on Instagram
For Stacey, it meant something different
The first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold
All he could think about was how it would all end
There was still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see
No matter how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen
The end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty
The wave roared towards them with speed and violence they had not anticipated
They both turned to run but by that time it was too late
The wave crashed into their legs sweeping both of them off of their feet
They now found themselves in a washing machine of saltwater, getting tumbled and not know what was up or down
Both were scared, not knowing how this was going to end, but it was by far the best time of the trip thus far
Pink ponies and purple giraffes roamed the field
Cotton candy grew from the ground as a chocolate river meandered off to the side
What looked like stones in the pasture were actually rock candy
Everything in her dream seemed to be perfect except for the fact that she had no mouth
Sarah watched the whirlpool mesmerized
She couldn't take her eyes off the water swirling around and around
She stuck in small twigs and leaves to watch the whirlpool catch them and then suck them down
It bothered her more than a little bit that this could also be used as a metaphor for her life
Time is all relative based on age and experience
When you are a child an hour is a long time to wait but a very short time when that’s all the time you are allowed on your iPad
As a teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you have and the more you procrastinate
As a young adult, you think you have forever to live and don’t appreciate the time you spend with others
As a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your children grow up
And finally, as you get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands on you, time slows
You appreciate each day and are thankful you are alive
An hour is the same amount of time for everyone yet it can feel so different in how it goes by
There was nothing else to do
The deed had already been done and there was no going back
It now had been become a question of how they were going to be able to get out of this situation and escape
The time had come for Nancy to say goodbye
She had been dreading this moment for a good six months, and it had finally arrived despite her best efforts to forestall it
No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't keep the inevitable from happening
So the time had come for a normal person to say goodbye and move on
It was at this moment that Nancy decided not to be a normal person
After all the time and effort she had expended, she couldn't bring herself to do it
Since they are still preserved in the rocks for us to see, they must have been formed quite recently, that is, geologically speaking
What can explain these striations and their common orientation? Did you ever hear about the Great Ice Age or the Pleistocene Epoch? Less than one million years ago, in fact, some 12,000 years ago, an ice sheet many thousands of feet thick rode over Burke Mountain in a southeastward direction
The many boulders frozen to the underside of the ice sheet tended to scratch the rocks over which they rode
The scratches or striations seen in the park rocks were caused by these attached boulders
The ice sheet also plucked and rounded Burke Mountain into the shape it possesses today
It's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money (beyond getting a 9 to 5 job) as part of our education system
The truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money
That doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from 9 to 5 for the next fifty years o your life
The lone lamp post of the one-street town flickered, not quite dead but definitely on its way out
Suitcase by her side, she paid no heed to the light, the street or the town
A car was coming down the street and with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, she had a plan
"Are you getting my texts???" she texted to him
He glanced at it and chuckled under his breath
Of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? He put the phone down and continued on his project
He was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so
Hopes and dreams were dashed that day
It should have been expected, but it still came as a shock
The warning signs had been ignored in favor of the possibility, however remote, that it could actually happen
That possibility had grown from hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny
That was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams came crashing down
It had been a rough day
Things hadn't gone as planned and that meant Hannah got yelled at by her boss
It didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault
When things went wrong at work, Hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances
It wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had
The song came from the bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's running water
It was the same way each day began since he could remember
It listened intently and concluded that the singing today was as terrible as it had ever been
Twenty-five stars were neatly placed on the piece of paper
There was room for five more stars but they would be difficult ones to earn
It had taken years to earn the first twenty-five, and they were considered the "easy" ones
Housework could be everyone’s work, not just “women’s work”
Why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? Somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own
My friend’s husband claimed he didn’t know that sheets should be washed more than once a season
He said he didn’t know one had to clean toilets
He assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves
She tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook
Wouldn’t it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is “just bad at it”
My sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets
Hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided
Terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it
He kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold
He knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved
It was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe
He kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face
She needed glasses
It wasn't that she couldn't see without them, but what she could see with them
When she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond
It was like a superpower
But she needed glasses
Dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament
He ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense
He wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment
The first was how to get out of his current situation of being naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down
It was a rat's nest
Not a literal one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemble every morning when she got up
It was going to take at least an hour to get it under control and she was sick and tired of it
She peered into the mirror and wondered if it was worth it
It wasn't
She opened the drawer and picked up the hair clippers
She tried not to judge him
His ratty clothes and unkempt hair made him look homeless
Was he really the next Einstein as she had been told? On the off chance it was true, she continued to try not to judge him
They had made it to Las Vegas, wide-eyed and with so much hope and energy
They had planned the trip for more than a year and both were so excited they could barely control themselves
They still hadn't realized that Las Vegas promised a place where dreams come true, it was actually the place where dreams came to die
There was a leak in the boat
Nobody had yet noticed it, and nobody would for the next couple of hours
This was a problem since the boat was heading out to sea and while the leak was quite small at the moment, it would be much larger when it was ultimately discovered
John had planned it exactly this way
It really shouldn't have mattered to Betty
That's what she kept trying to convince herself even if she knew it mattered to Betty more than practically anything else
Why was she trying to convince herself otherwise? As she stepped forward to knock on Betty's door, she still didn't have a convincing answer to this question that she'd been asking herself for more than two years now
Where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button
Do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? At that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same
Green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy
Ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore
At least this was the way it was supposed to be
Something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway
Debbie knew she was being selfish and unreasonable
She understood why the others in the room were angry and frustrated with her and the way she was acting
In her eyes, it didn't really matter how they felt because she simply didn't care
Twenty-five hours had passed since the incident
It seemed to be a lot longer than that
That twenty-five hours seemed more like a week in her mind
The fact that she still was having trouble comprehending exactly what took place wasn't helping the matter
She thought if she could just get a little rest the entire incident might make a little more sense
It was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind
He'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped
There was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last
"Do Not Enter." The sign made it clear that they didn't want anyone around
That wasn't going to stop Jack
Jack always lived with the notion that signs were mere suggestions, not actually absolute rules
That's why the moment Jack looked at the "Do Not Enter" sign, he walked past it and onto their property
He read about a hike called the incline in the guidebook
It said it was a strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water
“A beautiful hike to the clouds” described one review
“Not for the faint-hearted,” said another
“Not too bad of a workout”, bragged a third review
I thought I’d hike it when I fly in from Maryland on my day off from the senior citizen's wellness conference
I hiked 2 miles a day around the neighborhood so I could handle a 1.1-mile hike
What a foolish mistake that was for a 70-year-old low-lander
There once lived an old man and an old woman who were peasants and had to work hard to earn their daily bread
The old man used to go to fix fences and do other odd jobs for the farmers around, and while he was gone the old woman, his wife, did the work of the house and worked in their own little plot of land
There was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe
All one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty
Yet Bob didn't see another option
He may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have
A choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly
Her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette
The morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air
There was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning
There were only two ways to get out of this mess if they all worked together
The problem was that neither was all that appealing
One would likely cause everyone a huge amount of physical pain while the other would likely end up with everyone in jail
In Sam's mind, there was only one thing to do
He threw everyone else under the bus and he secretly sprinted away leaving the others to take the fall without him
The bridge spanning a 100-foot gully stood in front of him as the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his destination
While people may have called it a "bridge", the reality was it was nothing more than splintered wooden planks held together by rotting ropes
It was questionable whether it would hold the weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grown man
The problem was there was no other way across the gully, and this played into his calculations of whether or not it was worth the risk of trying to cross it
She didn't like the food
She never did
She made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming
But this time was different
Instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word
Josh had spent year and year accumulating the information
He knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, Josh would be the one to call
The problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it
Years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic
All he wanted was a candy bar
It didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request
It might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face
He sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction
She sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched
Both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had been happy together
It was easy to spot her
All you needed to do was look at her socks
They were never a matching pair
One would be green while the other would be blue
One would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle
Every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks
They were her micro act of rebellion
He wondered if he should disclose the truth to his friends
It would be a risky move
Yes, the truth would make things a lot easier if they all stayed on the same page, but the truth might fracture the group leaving everything in even more of a mess than it was not telling the truth
It was time to decide which way to go
There was something special about this little creature
Donna couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all her heart that it was true
It wasn't a matter of if she was going to try and save it, but a matter of how she was going to save it
She went back to the car to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone
Where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button
Do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? At that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same
The fog was as thick as pea soup
This was a problem
Gary was driving but couldn't see a thing in front of him
He knew he should stop, but the road was narrow so if he did, it would be right in the center of the road
He was sure that another car would end up rear-ending him, so he continued forward despite the lack of visibility
This was an unwise move
He had disappointed himself more than anyone else
That wasn't to say that he hadn't disappointed others
The fact was that he had disappointed a lot of people who were close to him
The fact that they were disappointed in him was something that made him even more disappointed in himself
Yet here he was, about to do the exact same things that had caused all the disappointment in the first place because he didn't know what else to do
The choice was red, green, or blue
It didn't seem like an important choice when he was making it, but it was a choice nonetheless
Had he known the consequences at that time, he would likely have considered the choice a bit longer
In the end, he didn't and ended up choosing blue
It wasn't supposed to end that way
The plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again
There was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been
They all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened
In their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed
There was something in the sky
What exactly was up there wasn't immediately clear
But there was definitely something in the sky and it was getting bigger and bigger
It all started with the computer
Had he known what was to follow, he would have never logged on that day
But the truth was there was no way to know what was about to happen
So Dave pressed the start button, the computer booted up, the screen came alive, and everything Dave knew to be true no longer was
Dave found joy in the daily routine of life
He awoke at the same time, ate the same breakfast and drove the same commute
He worked at a job that never seemed to change and he got home at 6 pm sharp every night
It was who he had been for the last ten years and he had no idea that was all about to change
Brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself
That is why Kenneth and he had become such good friends
Kenneth forced Brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things he'd never imagine doing otherwise
Up to this point, this had been a good thing
It had expanded Brock's experiences and given him a new appreciation for life
Now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all Brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of Kenneth
Josh had spent year and year accumulating the information
He knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, Josh would be the one to call
The problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it
Years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic
Breastfeeding is good for babies and moms
Infants that are breastfed get antibodies from their mothers against common illnesses
Breastfed babies have less chance of being obese as an adult
Breastfeeding a baby lets the infant-mother pair bond in a very unique way
Mother’s who breastfeed lower their chances of developing breast cancer
Usually, mothers who breastfeed lose their pregnancy weight more quickly and easily
The benefits of breastfeeding are numerous
One dollar and eighty-seven cents
That was all
And sixty cents of it was in pennies
Pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one’s cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied
One dollar and eighty-seven cents
And the next day would be Christmas..
He heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away
His heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint
"It wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint
Love isn't always a ray of sunshine
That's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man
She had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers
But now she had to face the fact that they may have been right
Love may not always be a ray of sunshine
That is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn
One foot in front of the other, One more step, and then one more
Jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest
He's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step
Then another
And then one more
The wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on
The sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone
The next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away
The third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it
When it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever
According to the caption on the bronze marker placed by the Multnomah Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution on May 12, 1939, “College Hall (is) the oldest building in continuous use for Educational purposes west of the Rocky Mountains
Here were educated men and women who have won recognition throughout the world in all the learned professions.” He sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction
She sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched
Both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had been happy together
Time is all relative based on age and experience
When you are a child an hour is a long time to wait but a very short time when that’s all the time you are allowed on your iPad
As a teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you have and the more you procrastinate
As a young adult, you think you have forever to live and don’t appreciate the time you spend with others
As a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your children grow up
And finally, as you get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands on you, time slows
You appreciate each day and are thankful you are alive
An hour is the same amount of time for everyone yet it can feel so different in how it goes by
The computer wouldn't start
She banged on the side and tried again
Nothing
She lifted it up and dropped it to the table
Still nothing
She banged her closed fist against the top
It was at this moment she saw the irony of trying to fix the machine with violence
The bowl was filled with fruit
It seemed to be an overabundance of strawberries, but it also included blueberries, raspberries, grapes, and banana slices
This was the meal Sarah had every morning to start her day since she could remember
Why she decided to add chocolate as an option today was still a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the process of deciding she wanted to change her routine
This was a baby step to begin that start
The desert wind blew the tumbleweed in front of the car
Alex swerved to avoid the tumbleweed, but he turned the wheel a bit too strong and the car left the road and skidded onto the dirt median
He instantly slammed on the brakes and the car stopped in a cloud of dirt
When the dust cloud had settled and he could see around him again, he realized that he'd somehow crossed over into an entirely new dimension
He was after the truth
At least, that's what he told himself
He believed it, but any rational person on the outside could see he was lying to himself
It was apparent he was really only after his own truth that he'd already decided and was after this truth because the facts didn't line up with the truth he wanted
So he continued to tell everyone he was after the truth oblivious to the real truth sitting right in front of him
It was the first day of the rest of her life
This wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward
Although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing
Her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend
She threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life
Hopes and dreams were dashed that day
It should have been expected, but it still came as a shock
The warning signs had been ignored in favor of the possibility, however remote, that it could actually happen
That possibility had grown from hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny
That was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams came crashing down
The clowns had taken over
And yes, they were literally clowns
Over 100 had appeared out of a small VW bug that had been driven up to the bank
Now they were all inside and had taken it over
Was it a whisper or was it the wind? He wasn't quite sure
He thought he heard a voice but at this moment all he could hear was the wind rustling the leaves of the trees all around him
He stopped and listened more intently to see if he could hear the voice again
Nothing but the wind rustling the leaves could be heard
He was about to continue his walk when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he quickly turned to see who it was
There was nobody there, but he heard the voice again
She tried not to judge him
His ratty clothes and unkempt hair made him look homeless
Was he really the next Einstein as she had been told? On the off chance it was true, she continued to try not to judge him
She had been told time and time again that the most important steps were the first and the last
It was something that she carried within her in everything she did, but then he showed up and disrupted everything
He told her that she had it wrong
The first step wasn't the most important
The last step wasn't the most important
It was the next step that was the most important
All he wanted was a candy bar
It didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request
It might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face
The box sat on the desk next to the computer
It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier
She didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been
As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life
It probably seemed trivial to most people, but it mattered to Tracey
She wasn't sure why it mattered so much to her, but she understood deep within her being that it mattered to her
So for the 365th day in a row, Tracey sat down to eat pancakes for breakfast
What were they eating? It didn't taste like anything she had ever eaten before and although she was famished, she didn't dare ask
She knew the answer would be one she didn't want to hear
It was going to rain
The weather forecast didn't say that, but the steel plate in his hip did
He had learned over the years to trust his hip over the weatherman
It was going to rain, so he better get outside and prepare
It was a good idea
At least, they all thought it was a good idea at the time
Hindsight would reveal that in reality, it was an unbelievably terrible idea, but it would take another week for them to understand that
Right now, at this very moment
they all agreed that it was the perfect course of action for the current situation
Mary had to make a decision and she knew that whatever decision she made, it would upset someone
It seemed like such a silly reason for people to get upset but she knew the minute that she began to consider doing it that there was no way everyone in her life would be pleased with what she ultimately decided to do
It was simply a question of who she would rather displease most
While this had always been her parents, and especially her mom, in the past that she tried to keep from upsetting, she decided that this time the person she was going to please the most with her decision was herself
"Do Not Enter." The sign made it clear that they didn't want anyone around
That wasn't going to stop Jack
Jack always lived with the notion that signs were mere suggestions, not actually absolute rules
That's why the moment Jack looked at the "Do Not Enter" sign, he walked past it and onto their property
To the two friends, the treehouse was much more than a treehouse
It was a sanctuary away from the other kids where they could be themselves without being teased or bullied
It was their secret fortress hidden high in the branches of a huge oak that only they knew existed
At least that is what they thought
They were more than a little annoyed when their two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse into a princess castle by painting the inside pink and putting glitter everywhere
Patrick didn't want to go
The fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less
He had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite
But she insisted that Patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship
Frank knew there was a correct time and place to reveal his secret and this wasn't it
The issue was that the secret might be revealed despite his best attempt to keep it from coming out
At this point, it was out of his control and completely dependant on those around him who also knew the secret
They wouldn't purposely reveal it, or at least he believed that, but they could easily inadvertently expose it
It was going to be a long hour as he nervously eyed everyone around the table hoping they would keep their mouths shut
There wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention
It was the clouds
The deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these
She knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared
There was nothing else to do
The deed had already been done and there was no going back
It now had been become a question of how they were going to be able to get out of this situation and escape
Why do Americans have so many different types of towels? We have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let’s not forget paper towels
Would 1 type of towel work for each of these things? Let’s take a beach towel
It can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty
A beach towel could be used to dry dishes
Just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel
I’ve used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping
If you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too
I’d probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too
Is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that Americans enjoy or is it necessary? I’d say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary
You can decide what you want to do in life, but I suggest doing something that creates
Something that leaves a tangible thing once you're done
That way even after you're gone, you will still live on in the things you created
He wandered down the stairs and into the basement
The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air
A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper
He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years
He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live
They argue
While the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same
Yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing
They both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue
So they continue to argue
What were the chances? It would have to be a lot more than 100 to 1
It was likely even more than 1,000 to 1
The more he thought about it, the odds of it happening had to be more than 10,000 to 1 and even 100,000 to 1
People often threw around the chances of something happening as being 1,000,000 to 1 as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, but he could see that they may actually be accurate in this situation
Whatever the odds of it happening, he knew they were big
What he didn't know was whether this happening was lucky or unlucky
She considered the birds to be her friends
She'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day
She wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her
Would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning? It really didn't matter what they did to him
He's already made up his mind
Whatever came his way, he was prepared for the consequences
He knew in his heart that the sacrifice he made was done with love and not hate no matter how others decided to spin it
It had been a simple realization that had changed Debra's life perspective
It was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth
Now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was
That made her all the more relieved she had made the change
The number of hearts her Instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth
It was the first day of the rest of her life
This wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward
Although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing
Her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend
She threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life
There are only three ways to make this work
The first is to let me take care of everything
The second is for you to take care of everything
The third is to split everything 50 / 50
I think the last option is the most preferable, but I'm certain it'll also mean the end of our marriage
They had made it to Las Vegas, wide-eyed and with so much hope and energy
They had planned the trip for more than a year and both were so excited they could barely control themselves
They still hadn't realized that Las Vegas promised a place where dreams come true, it was actually the place where dreams came to die
She was aware that things could go wrong
In fact, she had trained her entire life in anticipation that things would go wrong one day
She had quiet confidence as she started to see that this was the day that all her training would be worthwhile and useful
At this point, she had no idea just how wrong everything would go that day
There wasn't a whole lot he could do at that moment
He played the situation again and again in his head looking at what he might have done differently to make the situation better
No matter how many times he relived the situation in his head, there was never really a good alternative course of action
There simply wasn't a whole lot he could have done in that particular moment
She needed glasses
It wasn't that she couldn't see without them, but what she could see with them
When she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond
It was like a superpower
But she needed glasses
It was difficult for him to admit he was wrong
He had been so certain that he was correct and the deeply held belief could never be shaken
Yet the proof that he had been incorrect stood right before his eyes
"See daddy, I told you that they are real!" his daughter excitedly proclaimed
There were about twenty people on the dam
Most of them were simply walking and getting exercise
There were a few who were fishing
There was a family who had laid down a blanket and they were having a picnic
It was like this most days and nothing seemed out of the ordinary
The problem was that nobody noticed the water leaking through the dam wall
It had been a rough day
Things hadn't gone as planned and that meant Hannah got yelled at by her boss
It didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault
When things went wrong at work, Hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances
It wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had
The boy walked down the street in a carefree way, playing without notice of what was about him
He didn't hear the sound of the car as his ball careened into the road
He took a step toward it, and in doing so sealed his fate
It was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week
She had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out
After all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful
It goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected
"It's never good to give them details," Janice told her sister
"Always be a little vague and keep them guessing." Her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement
She didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter
She loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth
One foot in front of the other, One more step, and then one more
Jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest
He's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step
Then another
And then one more
The piano sat silently in the corner of the room
Nobody could remember the last time it had been played
The little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys
The sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years
In the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes
The song came from the bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's running water
It was the same way each day began since he could remember
It listened intently and concluded that the singing today was as terrible as it had ever been
She had a terrible habit o comparing her life to others
She realized that their life experiences were completely different than her own and that she saw only what they wanted her to see, but that didn't matter
She still compared herself and yearned for what she thought they had and she didn't
Balloons are pretty and come in different colors, different shapes, different sizes, and they can even adjust sizes as needed
But don't make them too big or they might just pop, and then bye-bye balloon
It'll be gone and lost for the rest of mankind
They can serve a variety of purposes, from decorating to water balloon wars
You just have to use your head to think a little bit about what to do with them
All he could think about was how it would all end
There was still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see
No matter how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen
The end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty
The time had come for Nancy to say goodbye
She had been dreading this moment for a good six months, and it had finally arrived despite her best efforts to forestall it
No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't keep the inevitable from happening
So the time had come for a normal person to say goodbye and move on
It was at this moment that Nancy decided not to be a normal person
After all the time and effort she had expended, she couldn't bring herself to do it
She nervously peered over the edge
She understood in her mind that the view was supposed to be beautiful, but all she felt was fear
There had always been something about heights that disturbed her, and now she could feel the full force of this unease
She reluctantly crept a little closer with the encouragement of her friends as the fear continued to build
She couldn't help but feel that something horrible was about to happen
Hopes and dreams were dashed that day
It should have been expected, but it still came as a shock
The warning signs had been ignored in favor of the possibility, however remote, that it could actually happen
That possibility had grown from hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny
That was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams came crashing down
Waiting and watching
It was all she had done for the past weeks
When you’re locked in a room with nothing but food and drink, that’s about all you can do anyway
She watched as birds flew past the window bolted shut
She couldn’t reach it if she wanted too, with that hole in the floor
She thought she could escape through it but three stories is a bit far down
"It was so great to hear from you today and it was such weird timing," he said
"This is going to sound funny and a little strange, but you were in a dream I had just a couple of days ago
I'd love to get together and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of coffee," he continued, laying the trap he'd been planning for years
There was a time in his life when her rudeness would have set him over the edge
He would have raised his voice and demanded to speak to the manager
That was no longer the case
He barely reacted at all, letting the rudeness melt away without saying a word back to her
He had been around long enough to know where rudeness came from and how unhappy the person must be to act in that way
All he could do was feel pity and be happy that he didn't feel the way she did to lash out like that
It went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down
But that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust
"Do Not Enter." The sign made it clear that they didn't want anyone around
That wasn't going to stop Jack
Jack always lived with the notion that signs were mere suggestions, not actually absolute rules
That's why the moment Jack looked at the "Do Not Enter" sign, he walked past it and onto their property
He sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction
She sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched
Both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had been happy together
The trail to the left had a "Danger! Do Not Pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right
This wasn't the way Zeke approached his hiking
Rather than a warning, Zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting
As the others in the group all shited to the right, Zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret
It all started with a random letter
Several of those were joined forces to create a random word
The words decided to get together and form a random sentence
They decided not to stop there and it wasn't long before a random paragraph had been cobbled together
The question was whether or not they could continue the momentum long enough to create a random short story
Sometimes that's just the way it has to be
Sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind
It was done and that was that
It was just the way it had to be
It had been a late night
To be more correct, it had been an early morning
It was now 3:00 AM and George was just getting home
He wasn't sure if it had been worth it
He was supposed to have been finished by 10:00 PM, but his boss had implored him to stay and help when it was clear they weren't going to meet the 10:00 PM target time
So, he had stayed an extra 5 hours and lost a good night's sleep for something he didn't really believe in, but he did anyway because he was afraid if he refused he might lose his job
She counted
One
She could hear the steps coming closer
Two
Puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth
Three
He stopped beside her
Four
She pulled the trigger of the gun
There once lived an old man and an old woman who were peasants and had to work hard to earn their daily bread
The old man used to go to fix fences and do other odd jobs for the farmers around, and while he was gone the old woman, his wife, did the work of the house and worked in their own little plot of land
She had been an angel for coming up on 10 years and in all that time nobody had told her this was possible
The fact that it could ever happen never even entered her mind
Yet there she stood, with the undeniable evidence sitting on the ground before her
Angels could lose their wings
It was a good idea
At least, they all thought it was a good idea at the time
Hindsight would reveal that in reality, it was an unbelievably terrible idea, but it would take another week for them to understand that
Right now, at this very moment
they all agreed that it was the perfect course of action for the current situation
It wasn't that he hated her
It was simply that he didn't like her much
It was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand
She was in love and wanted him to feel the same way
He didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand
A two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard
Stacey peeked outside
To most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking a photo to put on Instagram
For Stacey, it meant something different
The first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold
It was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed
You want to look, but you don't at the same time
You're frozen with fear and unable to act
That's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next "Are you getting my texts???" she texted to him
He glanced at it and chuckled under his breath
Of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? He put the phone down and continued on his project
He was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so
He walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible
Bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic
There was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down
Had he past them without seeing them? It didn't seem possible
He was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body
It really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve
That's what he kept trying to convince himself
She was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome
He already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make
The question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve
What was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown
Both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore
That was the problem
There was always one that let fear rule her life
What if dogs were racist? Would they care about fur color….
“son, only play with other tan dogs”? Or maybe it would depend on breed, “honey, only play with other German Shepards, never poodles”
Better yet it could depend on occupation
“I’m a sled dog while you’re only a running companion, leave me alone”
Maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? Size could be the determining factor, “see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb”
Luckily dogs don’t discriminate
Just watch at a dog park
Big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs
A service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog
So if dogs don’t discriminate then why do we? She closed her eyes and then opened them again
What she was seeing just didn't make sense
She shook her head seeing if that would help
It didn't
Although it seemed beyond reality, there was no denying she was witnessing a large formation of alien spaceships filling the sky
As she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye
It wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving
She squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help
As she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body
She felt like she should get up and run
If only she could make out what it was
At that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same
It had become a far too common an event in her life
She has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed
Now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be
The wave roared towards them with speed and violence they had not anticipated
They both turned to run but by that time it was too late
The wave crashed into their legs sweeping both of them off of their feet
They now found themselves in a washing machine of saltwater, getting tumbled and not know what was up or down
Both were scared, not knowing how this was going to end, but it was by far the best time of the trip thus far
Here's the thing
She doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway
That's just her character
She knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can
Doubt her more and she'll prove she can again
We all already know this and you will too
She considered the birds to be her friends
She'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day
She wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her
Would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning?
He read about a hike called the incline in the guidebook
It said it was a strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water
“A beautiful hike to the clouds” described one review
“Not for the faint-hearted,” said another
“Not too bad of a workout”, bragged a third review
I thought I’d hike it when I fly in from Maryland on my day off from the senior citizen's wellness conference
I hiked 2 miles a day around the neighborhood so I could handle a 1.1-mile hike
What a foolish mistake that was for a 70-year-old low-lander
Do you think you're living an ordinary life? You are so mistaken it's difficult to even explain
The mere fact that you exist makes you extraordinary
The odds of you existing are less than winning the lottery, but here you are
Are you going to let this extraordinary opportunity pass? He was after the truth
At least, that's what he told himself
He believed it, but any rational person on the outside could see he was lying to himself
It was apparent he was really only after his own truth that he'd already decided and was after this truth because the facts didn't line up with the truth he wanted
So he continued to tell everyone he was after the truth oblivious to the real truth sitting right in front of him
After hunting for several hours, we finally saw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock
I took one of the wooden clubs while Larry took the longer one
We slowly snuck up behind the seal until we were close enough to club it over its head
The seal slumped over and died
This seal would help us survive
We could eat the meat and fat
The fat could be burned in a shell for light and the fur could be used to make a blanket
We declared our first day of hunting a great success
The alarm went off at exactly 6:00 AM as it had every morning for the past five years
Barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by 7:00 AM
The day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change
In fact, it was going to change at exactly 7:23 AM
It was easy to spot her
All you needed to do was look at her socks
They were never a matching pair
One would be green while the other would be blue
One would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle
Every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks
They were her micro act of rebellion
She glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds taking shape
First, she saw a dog
Next, it was an elephant
Finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at that moment the rain began to pour
Housework could be everyone’s work, not just “women’s work”
Why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? Somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own
My friend’s husband claimed he didn’t know that sheets should be washed more than once a season
He said he didn’t know one had to clean toilets
He assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves
She tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook
Wouldn’t it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is “just bad at it”
My sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets
Hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided
He walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible
Bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic
There was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down
Had he past them without seeing them? It didn't seem possible
He was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body
"Explain to me again why I shouldn't cheat?" he asked
"All the others do and nobody ever gets punished for doing so
I should go about being happy losing to cheaters because I know that I don't? That's what you're telling me?" It was a weird concept
Why would I really need to generate a random paragraph? Could I actually learn something from doing so? All these questions were running through her head as she pressed the generate button
To her surprise, she found what she least expected to see
If you can imagine a furry humanoid seven feet tall, with the face of an intelligent gorilla and the braincase of a man, you'll have a rough idea of what they looked like -- except for their teeth
The canines would have fitted better in the face of a tiger, and showed at the corners of their wide, thin-lipped mouths, giving them an expression of ferocity
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes
it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes
David had promised that he would be on time today
He never was, but he had promised this one time
She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise
Now she was paying the price
The rain was coming
Everyone thought this would be a good thing
It hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone
It wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive
It really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve
That's what he kept trying to convince himself
She was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome
He already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make
The question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve
The alarm went off and Jake rose awake
Rising early had become a daily ritual, one that he could not fully explain
From the outside, it was a wonder that he was able to get up so early each morning for someone who had absolutely no plans to be productive during the entire day
All he could think about was how it would all end
There was still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see
No matter how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen
The end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty
It was cloudy outside but not really raining
There was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella
This hadn't stopped Sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it
It had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day
Sarah used the umbrella to hide
She was infatuated with color
She didn't have a favorite color per se, but she did have a fondness for teals and sea greens
You could see it in the clothes she wore that color was an important part of her overall style
She took great pride that color flowed from her and that color was always all around her
That is why, she explained to her date sitting across the table, that she could never have a serious relationship with him due to the fact that he was colorblind
“Ingredients for life,” said the backside of the truck
They mean food, but really food is only 1 ingredient of life
Life has so many more ingredients such as pain, happiness, laughter, joy, tears, and smiles
Life also has hard work, easy play, sleepless nights, and sunbathing by the ocean
Love, hatred, envy, self-assurance, and fear could be just down aisle 3 ready to be bought when needed
How I wish I could pull ingredients like these off shelves in a store
He wandered down the stairs and into the basement
The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air
A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper
He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years
He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live
There was a time when he would have embraced the change that was coming
In his youth, he sought adventure and the unknown, but that had been years ago
He wished he could go back and learn to find the excitement that came with change but it was useless
That curiosity had long left him to where he had come to loathe anything that put him out of his comfort zone
Terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it
He kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold
He knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved
It was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe
He kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face
He had disappointed himself more than anyone else
That wasn't to say that he hadn't disappointed others
The fact was that he had disappointed a lot of people who were close to him
The fact that they were disappointed in him was something that made him even more disappointed in himself
Yet here he was, about to do the exact same things that had caused all the disappointment in the first place because he didn't know what else to do
Out of another, I get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate
There is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house
I always fancy I see people walking in these numerous paths and arbors, but John has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least
He says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies and that I ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency
So I try
He had three simple rules by which he lived
The first was to never eat blue food
There was nothing in nature that was edible that was blue
People often asked about blueberries, but everyone knows those are actually purple
He understood it was one of the stranger rules to live by, but it had served him well thus far in the 50+ years of his life
The song came from the bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's running water
It was the same way each day began since he could remember
It listened intently and concluded that the singing today was as terrible as it had ever been
Trees
It was something about the trees
The way they swayed with the wind in unison
The way they shaded the area around them
The sounds of their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the branches as they sway, The trees were making a statement that I just couldn't understand
It was a question of which of the two she preferred
On the one hand, the choice seemed simple
The more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most
It was the easy choice
The safe choice
But she wasn't sure she actually preferred it
He looked at the sand
Picking up a handful, he wondered how many grains were in his hand
Hundreds of thousands? "Not enough," the said under his breath
I need more
The red line moved across the page
With each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room
The actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real
The red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same
The tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play
It still wore the tire swing the kids had put up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days
The tree had watched all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when another child played and laughed again under its branches
That was the hope that the tree wished every day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind
Patrick didn't want to go
The fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less
He had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite
But she insisted that Patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship
Eating raw fish didn't sound like a good idea
"It's a delicacy in Japan," didn't seem to make it any more appetizing
Raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not
The thing that's great about this job is the time sourcing the items involves no traveling
I just look online to buy it
It's really as simple as that
While everyone else is searching for what they can sell, I sit in front of my computer and buy better stuff for less money and spend a fraction of the time doing it
The light blinded him
It was dark and he thought he was the only one in the area, but the light shining in his eyes proved him wrong
It came from about 100 feet away and was shining so directly into his eyes he couldn't make out anything about the person holding the light
There was only one thing to do in this situation
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a flashlight of his own that was much stronger than the one currently blinding him
He turned it on and pointed it into the stranger's eyes
The red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox
It had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well
The other toys grumbled beneath
At one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box
She didn't understand how changed worked
When she looked at today compared to yesterday, there was nothing that she could see that was different
Yet, when she looked at today compared to last year, she couldn't see how anything was ever the same
It was a simple tip of the hat
Grace didn't think that anyone else besides her had even noticed it
It wasn't anything that the average person would notice, let alone remember at the end of the day
That's why it seemed so unbelievable that this little gesture would ultimately change the course of the world
You know that tingly feeling you get on the back of your neck sometimes? I just got that feeling when talking with her
You know I don't believe in sixth senses, but there is something not right with her
I don't know how I know, but I just do
Do you really listen when you are talking with someone? I have a friend who listens in an unforgiving way
She actually takes every word you say as being something important and when you have a friend that listens like that, words take on a whole new meaning
The rain and wind abruptly stopped, but the sky still had the gray swirls of storms in the distance
Dave knew this feeling all too well
The calm before the storm
He only had a limited amount of time before all Hell broke loose, but he stopped to admire the calmness
Maybe it would be different this time, he thought, with the knowledge deep within that it wouldn't
There was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe
All one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty
Yet Bob didn't see another option
He may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have
A choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly
Stormi is a dog
She is dark grey and has long legs
Her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking
Her tongue is long, pink, and wet
Her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies
She can be a good dog, but also very bad
Her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad
Stormi is a dog I love
Cake or pie? I can tell a lot about you by which one you pick
It may seem silly, but cake people and pie people are really different
I know which one I hope you are, but that's not for me to decide
So, what is it? Cake or pie? One foot in front of the other, One more step, and then one more
Jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest
He's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step
Then another
And then one more
As she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye
It wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving
She squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help
As she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body
She felt like she should get up and run
If only she could make out what it was
At that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same
Lori lived her life through the lens of a camera
She never realized this until this very moment as she scrolled through thousands of images on your computer
She could remember the exact moment each photo was taken
She could remember where she had been, what she was thinking as she tried to get the shot, the smells of the surrounding area, and even the emotions that she felt taking the photo, yet she had trouble remembering what she had for breakfast
Here's the thing
She doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway
That's just her character
She knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can
Doubt her more and she'll prove she can again
We all already know this and you will too
They needed to find a place to eat
The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown
Even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy
Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others
It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown
Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly
Life isn't always beautiful
That was a lesson that Dan was learning
He also realized that life wasn't easy
This had come as a shock since he had lived a charmed life
He hated that this was the truth and he struggled to be happy knowing that his assumptions weren't correct
He wouldn't realize until much later in life that the difficult obstacles he was facing that were taking away the beauty in his life at this moment would ultimately make his life much more beautiful
All he knew was that at this moment was that life isn't always beautiful
As she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye
It wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving
She squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help
As she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body
She felt like she should get up and run
If only she could make out what it was
At that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same
She had come to the conclusion that you could tell a lot about a person by their ears
The way they stuck out and the size of the earlobes could give you wonderful insights into the person
Of course, she couldn't scientifically prove any of this, but that didn't matter to her
Before anything else, she would size up the ears of the person she was talking to
The shoes had been there for as long as anyone could remember
In fact, it was difficult for anyone to come up with a date they had first appeared
It had seemed they'd always been there and yet they seemed so out of place
Why nobody had removed them was a question that had been asked time and again, but while they all thought it, nobody had ever found the energy to actually do it
So, the shoes remained on the steps, out of place in one sense, but perfectly normal in another
Sometimes it's the first moment of the day that catches you off guard
That's what Wendy was thinking
She opened her window to see fire engines screeching down the street
While this wasn't something completely unheard of, it also wasn't normal
It was a sure sign of what was going to happen that day
She could feel it in her bones and it wasn't the way she wanted the day to begin
There was something beautiful in his hate
It wasn't the hate itself as it was a disgusting display of racism and intolerance
It was what propelled the hate and the fact that although he had this hate, he didn't understand where it came from
It was at that moment that she realized that there was hope in changing him
Trees
It was something about the trees
The way they swayed with the wind in unison
The way they shaded the area around them
The sounds of their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the branches as they sway, The trees were making a statement that I just couldn't understand
He couldn't remember exactly where he had read it, but he was sure that he had
The fact that she didn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began to search the Internet to find the article
It wasn't as if it was something that seemed impossible
Yet she insisted on always seeing the source whenever he stated a fact
Brenda never wanted to be famous
While most of her friends dreamed about being famous, she could see the negative aspects that those who wanted to be famous seemed to ignore
The fact that you could never do anything in public without being mobbed and the complete lack of privacy was something that she never wanted to experience
She also had no desire to have strangers speculating about every aspect of her life and what each thing she did was supposed to mean
Brenda was perfectly happy with her anonymous life where she could do exactly as she wanted without anyone else giving a damn
Thus, her overnight Internet celebrity was not something she was thrilled about as her friends told her how lucky she was
The water rush down the wash and into the slot canyon below
Two hikers had started the day to sunny weather without a cloud in the sky, but they hadn't thought to check the weather north of the canyon
Huge thunderstorms had brought a deluge o rain and produced flash floods heading their way
The two hikers had no idea what was coming
It wasn't quite yet time to panic
There was still time to salvage the situation
At least that is what she was telling himself
The reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was
One can cook on and with an open fire
These are some of the ways to cook with fire outside
Cooking meat using a spit is a great way to evenly cook meat
In order to keep meat from burning, it's best to slowly rotate it
Hot stones can be used to toast bread
Coals are hot and can bring things to a boil quickly
If one is very adventurous, one can make a hole in the ground, fill it with coals and place foil-covered meat, veggies, and potatoes into the coals, and cover all of it with dirt
In a short period of time, the food will be baked
Campfire cooking can be done in many ways
He swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell 25 feet away into the river
The lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite
He never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear
"It doesn't take much to touch someone's heart," Daisy said with a smile on her face
"It's often just the little things you do that can change a person's day for the better." Daisy truly believed this to be the way the world worked, but she didn't understand that she was merely a robot that had been programmed to believe this
She's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore
The answers were always the same
Well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense
A more accurate description was the answers never surprised her
So, she asked for the 10,000th time, "What's your favorite animal?" But this time was different
When she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly
The towels had been hanging from the rod for years
They were stained and worn, and quite frankly, just plain ugly
Debra didn't want to touch them but she really didn't have a choice
It was important for her to see what was living within them
At that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider
"I could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." He tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent
It didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to
It went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down
But that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust
He heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears
Although it was soft and calming, he was wary
It seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on
He wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap
He hid under the covers hoping that nobody would notice him there
It really didn't make much sense since it would be obvious to anyone who walked into the room there was someone hiding there, but he still held out hope
He heard footsteps coming down the hall and stop in front in front of the bedroom door
He heard the squeak of the door hinges and someone opened the bedroom door
He held his breath waiting for whoever was about to discover him, but they never did
Matt told her to reach for the stars, but Veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received
Sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it
Ten more steps
If he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move
He tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain
Ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it
The boy walked down the street in a carefree way, playing without notice of what was about him
He didn't hear the sound of the car as his ball careened into the road
He took a step toward it, and in doing so sealed his fate
Rhonda prided herself on always taking the path less traveled
She'd decided to do this at an early age and had continued to do so throughout her entire life
It was a point of pride and she would explain to anyone who would listen that doing so was something that she'd made great efforts to always do
She'd never questioned this decision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "So, is this why your life has been so difficult?" and Rhonda didn't have an answer for her
Greg understood that this situation would make Michael terribly uncomfortable
Michael simply had no idea what was about to come and even though Greg could prevent it from happening, he opted to let it happen
It was quite ironic, really
It was something Greg had said he would never wish upon anyone a million times, yet here he was knowingly letting it happen to one of his best friends
He rationalized that it would ultimately make Michael a better person and that no matter how uncomfortable, everyone should experience racism at least once in their lifetime
It really didn't matter what they did to him
He's already made up his mind
Whatever came his way, he was prepared for the consequences
He knew in his heart that the sacrifice he made was done with love and not hate no matter how others decided to spin it
It was cloudy outside but not really raining
There was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella
This hadn't stopped Sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it
It had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day
Sarah used the umbrella to hide
There was only half a worm in the apple
At first, Judy didn't quite comprehend what this meant
"Why would only half a worm be living in an apple?" she wondered
And then it dawned on her
Judy quickly spit out the bite she had just taken expecting to see the other half of the worm
It ended up being much worse than that
The boxed moved
That was a problem
Peter had packed the box three hours before and there was nothing inside that should make it move
The question now was whether or not Peter was going to open it up and look inside to see why it had moved
The answer to that question was obvious
Peter dropped the package into the mailbox so he would never have to see it again
He was an expert but not in a discipline that anyone could fully appreciate
He knew how to hold the cone just right so that the soft server ice-cream fell into it at the precise angle to form a perfect cone each and every time
It had taken years to perfect and he could now do it without even putting any thought behind it
Nobody seemed to fully understand the beauty of this accomplishment except for the new worker who watched in amazement
You're going to make a choice today that will have a direct impact on where you are five years from now
The truth is, you'll make choice like that every day of your life
The problem is that on most days, you won't know the choice you make will have such a huge impact on your life in the future
So if you want to end up in a certain place in the future, you need to be careful of the choices you make today
All he wanted was a candy bar
It didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request
It might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face
The time had come for Nancy to say goodbye
She had been dreading this moment for a good six months, and it had finally arrived despite her best efforts to forestall it
No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't keep the inevitable from happening
So the time had come for a normal person to say goodbye and move on
It was at this moment that Nancy decided not to be a normal person
After all the time and effort she had expended, she couldn't bring herself to do it
He wandered down the stairs and into the basement
The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air
A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper
He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years
He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live
He sat across from her trying to imagine it was the first time
It wasn't
Had it been a hundred? It quite possibly could have been
Two hundred? Probably not
His mind wandered until he caught himself and again tried to imagine it was the first time
Green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy
Ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore
At least this was the way it was supposed to be
Something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway
It wasn't that he hated her
It was simply that he didn't like her much
It was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand
She was in love and wanted him to feel the same way
He didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand
She needed glasses
It wasn't that she couldn't see without them, but what she could see with them
When she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond
It was like a superpower
But she needed glasses
MaryLou wore the tiara with pride
There was something that made doing anything she didn't really want to do a bit easier when she wore it
She really didn't care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment
The cab arrived late
The inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been cleaned in months
The green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odors emitting from the cab
The correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and didn't have a choice
The robot clicked disapprovingly, gurgled briefly inside its cubical interior and extruded a pony glass of brownish liquid
"Sir, you will undoubtedly end up in a drunkard's grave, dead of hepatic cirrhosis," it informed me virtuously as it returned my ID card
I glared as I pushed the glass across the table
He heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away
His heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint
"It wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint
One foot in front of the other, One more step, and then one more
Jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest
He's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step
Then another
And then one more
She counted
One
She could hear the steps coming closer
Two
Puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth
Three
He stopped beside her
Four
She pulled the trigger of the gun
Bryan had made peace with himself and felt comfortable with the choices he made
This had made all the difference in the world
Being alone no longer bothered him and this was essential since there was a good chance he might spend the rest of his life alone in a cell
It was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week
She had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out
After all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful
It goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected
Twenty-five hours had passed since the incident
It seemed to be a lot longer than that
That twenty-five hours seemed more like a week in her mind
The fact that she still was having trouble comprehending exactly what took place wasn't helping the matter
She thought if she could just get a little rest the entire incident might make a little more sense
After hunting for several hours, we finally saw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock
I took one of the wooden clubs while Larry took the longer one
We slowly snuck up behind the seal until we were close enough to club it over its head
The seal slumped over and died
This seal would help us survive
We could eat the meat and fat
The fat could be burned in a shell for light and the fur could be used to make a blanket
We declared our first day of hunting a great success
Sometimes there isn't a good answer
No matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense
And instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question
Why? The shades were closed keeping the room dark
Peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower
Nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day
He stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day
How had she been so wrong? All her instincts and intuition completely failed her for the first time in her life
She had so heavily relied on both when making decisions up until this moment and she felt a seismic shift take place in her self-confidence
If she could be so completely wrong about something so simple as this, how could she make decisions about really important things taking place in her life? She wasn't sure what she should do next
The day had begun on a bright note
The sun finally peeked through the rain for the first time in a week, and the birds were singing in its warmth
There was no way to anticipate what was about to happen
It was a worst-case scenario and there was no way out of it
Sometimes that's just the way it has to be
Sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind
It was done and that was that
It was just the way it had to be
Balloons are pretty and come in different colors, different shapes, different sizes, and they can even adjust sizes as needed
But don't make them too big or they might just pop, and then bye-bye balloon
It'll be gone and lost for the rest of mankind
They can serve a variety of purposes, from decorating to water balloon wars
You just have to use your head to think a little bit about what to do with them
There was no ring on his finger
That was a good sign although far from proof that he was available
Still, it was much better than if he had been wearing a wedding ring on his hand
She glanced at his hand a bit more intently to see if there were any tan lines where a ring may have been, and he's simply taken it off
She couldn't detect any which was also a good sign and a relief
The next step would be to get access to his wallet to see if there were any family photos in it
It was a simple tip of the hat
Grace didn't think that anyone else besides her had even noticed it
It wasn't anything that the average person would notice, let alone remember at the end of the day
That's why it seemed so unbelievable that this little gesture would ultimately change the course of the world
I recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees that shades one side of the valley
I had wandered into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly quiet, and was startled by the roar of my own gun, as it broke the Sabbath stillness around and was prolonged and reverberated by the angry echoes
Her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head
It didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt
While most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year
That was her secret
She kept worlds on top of her head
According to the caption on the bronze marker placed by the Multnomah Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution on May 12, 1939, “College Hall (is) the oldest building in continuous use for Educational purposes west of the Rocky Mountains
Here were educated men and women who have won recognition throughout the world in all the learned professions.” Dave watched as the forest burned up on the hill, only a few miles from her house
The car had been hastily packed and Marta was inside trying to round up the last of the pets
Dave went through his mental list of the most important papers and documents that they couldn't leave behind
He scolded himself for not having prepared these better in advance and hoped that he had remembered everything that was needed
He continued to wait for Marta to appear with the pets, but she still was nowhere to be seen
Patrick didn't want to go
The fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less
He had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite
But she insisted that Patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship
The words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks
He never imagined he'd find himself with writer's block, but here he sat with a blank screen in front of him
That blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind
He didn't understand why he couldn't even type a single word, just one to begin the process and build from there
And yet, he already knew that the eight hours he was prepared to sit in front of his computer today would end with the screen remaining blank
The headache wouldn't go away
She's taken medicine but even that didn't help
The monstrous throbbing in her head continued
She had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening
They decided to find the end of the rainbow
While they hoped they would find a pot of gold, neither of them truly believed that the mythical pot would actually be there
Nor did they believe they could actually find the end of the rainbow
Still, it seemed like a fun activity for the day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows would look great on their Instagram accounts
They would have never believed they would actually find the end of a rainbow, and when they did, what they actually found there
There was a leak in the boat
Nobody had yet noticed it, and nobody would for the next couple of hours
This was a problem since the boat was heading out to sea and while the leak was quite small at the moment, it would be much larger when it was ultimately discovered
John had planned it exactly this way
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes
it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes
David had promised that he would be on time today
He never was, but he had promised this one time
She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise
Now she was paying the price
Rhonda prided herself on always taking the path less traveled
She'd decided to do this at an early age and had continued to do so throughout her entire life
It was a point of pride and she would explain to anyone who would listen that doing so was something that she'd made great efforts to always do
She'd never questioned this decision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "So, is this why your life has been so difficult?" and Rhonda didn't have an answer for her
What were the chances? It would have to be a lot more than 100 to 1
It was likely even more than 1,000 to 1
The more he thought about it, the odds of it happening had to be more than 10,000 to 1 and even 100,000 to 1
People often threw around the chances of something happening as being 1,000,000 to 1 as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, but he could see that they may actually be accurate in this situation
Whatever the odds of it happening, he knew they were big
What he didn't know was whether this happening was lucky or unlucky
Should he write it down? That was the question running through his mind
He couldn't believe what had just happened and he knew nobody else would believe him as well
Even if he documented what had happened by writing it down, he still didn't believe anyone would still believe it
So the question remained
Was it be worth it to actually write it down? "It's never good to give them details," Janice told her sister
"Always be a little vague and keep them guessing." Her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement
She didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter
She loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth
It's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike
If you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry
Only the slowest in the group do
That was the lesson they were about to learn that day
The box sat on the desk next to the computer
It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier
She didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been
As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life
She considered the birds to be her friends
She'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day
She wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her
Would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning? The boxed moved
That was a problem
Peter had packed the box three hours before and there was nothing inside that should make it move
The question now was whether or not Peter was going to open it up and look inside to see why it had moved
The answer to that question was obvious
Peter dropped the package into the mailbox so he would never have to see it again
You're going to make a choice today that will have a direct impact on where you are five years from now
The truth is, you'll make choice like that every day of your life
The problem is that on most days, you won't know the choice you make will have such a huge impact on your life in the future
So if you want to end up in a certain place in the future, you need to be careful of the choices you make today
The opened package of potato chips held the answer to the mystery
Both detectives looked at it but failed to realize it was the key to solve the crime
They passed by it assuming it was random trash ensuring that the case would never be solved
Indescribable oppression, which seemed to generate in some unfamiliar part of her consciousness, filled her whole being with a vague anguish
It was like a shadow, like a mist passing across her soul's summer day
It was strange and unfamiliar; it was a mood
She did not sit there inwardly upbraiding her husband, lamenting at Fate, which had directed her footsteps to the path which they had taken
She was just having a good cry all to herself
The mosquitoes made merry over her, biting her firm, round arms and nipping at her bare insteps
There was a time in his life when her rudeness would have set him over the edge
He would have raised his voice and demanded to speak to the manager
That was no longer the case
He barely reacted at all, letting the rudeness melt away without saying a word back to her
He had been around long enough to know where rudeness came from and how unhappy the person must be to act in that way
All he could do was feel pity and be happy that he didn't feel the way she did to lash out like that
There were only two ways to get out of this mess if they all worked together
The problem was that neither was all that appealing
One would likely cause everyone a huge amount of physical pain while the other would likely end up with everyone in jail
In Sam's mind, there was only one thing to do
He threw everyone else under the bus and he secretly sprinted away leaving the others to take the fall without him
It was a question of which of the two she preferred
On the one hand, the choice seemed simple
The more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most
It was the easy choice
The safe choice
But she wasn't sure she actually preferred it
She had a terrible habit o comparing her life to others
She realized that their life experiences were completely different than her own and that she saw only what they wanted her to see, but that didn't matter
She still compared herself and yearned for what she thought they had and she didn't
The piano sat silently in the corner of the room
Nobody could remember the last time it had been played
The little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys
The sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years
In the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes
Ten more steps
If he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move
He tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain
Ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it
Housework could be everyone’s work, not just “women’s work”
Why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? Somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own
My friend’s husband claimed he didn’t know that sheets should be washed more than once a season
He said he didn’t know one had to clean toilets
He assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves
She tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook
Wouldn’t it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is “just bad at it”
My sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets
Hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided
It was always the Monday mornings
It never seemed to happen on Tuesday morning, Wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week
But it happened every Monday morning like clockwork
He mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case
It seemed like it should have been so simple
There was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done
It was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case
The deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished
Sometimes it's just better not to be seen
That's how Harry had always lived his life
He prided himself as being the fly on the wall and the fae that blended into the crowd
That's why he was so shocked that she noticed him
Nobody really understood Kevin
It wasn't that he was super strange or difficult
It was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him
This was a shame as Kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had
It was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if Kevin offered to give them the answers
So, Kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself
Time is all relative based on age and experience
When you are a child an hour is a long time to wait but a very short time when that’s all the time you are allowed on your iPad
As a teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you have and the more you procrastinate
As a young adult, you think you have forever to live and don’t appreciate the time you spend with others
As a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your children grow up
And finally, as you get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands on you, time slows
You appreciate each day and are thankful you are alive
An hour is the same amount of time for everyone yet it can feel so different in how it goes by
He looked at the sand
Picking up a handful, he wondered how many grains were in his hand
Hundreds of thousands? "Not enough," the said under his breath
I need more
MaryLou wore the tiara with pride
There was something that made doing anything she didn't really want to do a bit easier when she wore it
She really didn't care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment
I'm so confused by your ridiculous meltdown that I must insist on some sort of explanation for your behavior towards me
It just doesn't make any sense
There's no way that I deserved the treatment you gave me without an explanation or an apology for how out of line you have been
"It doesn't take much to touch someone's heart," Daisy said with a smile on her face
"It's often just the little things you do that can change a person's day for the better." Daisy truly believed this to be the way the world worked, but she didn't understand that she was merely a robot that had been programmed to believe this
The irony of the situation hadn't escaped her
She had taken years to sculpt the perfect persona with the perfect look that she shared on Instagram
She knew her hundreds of thousands of followers envied that life she showed and stayed engaged with her because they wanted that life too
The truth was that she wanted the perfect life she portrayed more than any of her fans
The fact was that despite all the perfection she shared on social media, her life was actually more of a mess than most
He heard the loud impact before he ever saw the result
It had been so loud that it had actually made him jump back in his seat
As soon as he recovered from the surprise, he saw the crack in the windshield
It seemed to be an analogy of the current condition of his life
They told her that this was her once chance to show the world what she was made of
She believed them at the time
It was the big stage and she knew the world would be there to see
The only one who had disagreed with this sentiment was her brother
He had told her that you don't show the world what you're made of when they are all watching, you show that in your actions when nobody was looking
It was looking more and more like her brother was correct
She's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore
The answers were always the same
Well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense
A more accurate description was the answers never surprised her
So, she asked for the 10,000th time, "What's your favorite animal?" But this time was different
When she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly
Debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach
She wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air
She shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole
Her fingers still touched nothing but air
She wondered if the note had reached him
She scolded herself for not handing it to him in person
She trusted her friend, but so much could happen
She waited impatiently for word
Things aren't going well at all with mom today
She is just a limp noodle and wants to sleep all the time
I sure hope that things get better soon
The shades were closed keeping the room dark
Peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower
Nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day
He stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day
What were the chances? It would have to be a lot more than 100 to 1
It was likely even more than 1,000 to 1
The more he thought about it, the odds of it happening had to be more than 10,000 to 1 and even 100,000 to 1
People often threw around the chances of something happening as being 1,000,000 to 1 as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, but he could see that they may actually be accurate in this situation
Whatever the odds of it happening, he knew they were big
What he didn't know was whether this happening was lucky or unlucky
She needed glasses
It wasn't that she couldn't see without them, but what she could see with them
When she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond
It was like a superpower
But she needed glasses
He heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears
Although it was soft and calming, he was wary
It seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on
He wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap
The thing that's great about this job is the time sourcing the items involves no traveling
I just look online to buy it
It's really as simple as that
While everyone else is searching for what they can sell, I sit in front of my computer and buy better stuff for less money and spend a fraction of the time doing it
The spot was perfect for camouflage
At least that's what she thought when she picked the spot
She couldn't imagine that anyone would ever be able to see her in these surroundings
So there she sat, confident that she was hidden from the world and safe from danger
Unfortunately, she had not anticipated that others may be looking upon her from other angles, and now they were stealthily descending toward her hiding spot
I recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees that shades one side of the valley
I had wandered into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly quiet, and was startled by the roar of my own gun, as it broke the Sabbath stillness around and was prolonged and reverberated by the angry echoes
It was difficult to explain to them how the diagnosis of certain death had actually given him life
While everyone around him was in tears and upset, he actually felt more at ease
The doctor said it would be less than a year
That gave him a year to live, something he'd failed to do with his daily drudgery of a routine that had passed as life until then
There was something beautiful in his hate
It wasn't the hate itself as it was a disgusting display of racism and intolerance
It was what propelled the hate and the fact that although he had this hate, he didn't understand where it came from
It was at that moment that she realized that there was hope in changing him
She glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds taking shape
First, she saw a dog
Next, it was an elephant
Finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at that moment the rain began to pour
The coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again
It reached its peak and began to descend
Both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do
He knew what he was supposed to do
That had been apparent from the beginning
That was what made the choice so difficult
What he was supposed to do and what he would do were not the same
This would have been fine if he were willing to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasn't
The kids were loud
They were way too loud for Jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight
The parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them
They were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest
He thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea
Sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end p in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point
There was a time when he would have embraced the change that was coming
In his youth, he sought adventure and the unknown, but that had been years ago
He wished he could go back and learn to find the excitement that came with change but it was useless
That curiosity had long left him to where he had come to loathe anything that put him out of his comfort zone
You know that tingly feeling you get on the back of your neck sometimes? I just got that feeling when talking with her
You know I don't believe in sixth senses, but there is something not right with her
I don't know how I know, but I just do
It had become a far too common an event in her life
She has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed
Now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be
I've rented a car in Las Vegas and have reserved a hotel in Twentynine Palms which is just north of Joshua Tree
We'll drive from Las Vegas through Mojave National Preserve and possibly do a short hike on our way down
Then spend all day on Monday at Joshua Tree
We can decide the next morning if we want to do more in Joshua Tree or Mojave before we head back
He was after the truth
At least, that's what he told himself
He believed it, but any rational person on the outside could see he was lying to himself
It was apparent he was really only after his own truth that he'd already decided and was after this truth because the facts didn't line up with the truth he wanted
So he continued to tell everyone he was after the truth oblivious to the real truth sitting right in front of him
The rain was coming
Everyone thought this would be a good thing
It hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone
It wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive
He heard the loud impact before he ever saw the result
It had been so loud that it had actually made him jump back in his seat
As soon as he recovered from the surprise, he saw the crack in the windshield
It seemed to be an analogy of the current condition of his life
I don’t like cats and they don’t like me
I used to be allergic to them and I would get stuffed up and have hives
That doesn’t seem to happen anymore
But I still don’t like them
I lived with 3 cats that were not good at peeing in the litter box
They seemed to find something important to me and pee on it
Most of the time they peed on photographs or papers that would be ruined
Cats also bring fleas into the house
There is nothing worse than having to flea dip cats and also flea bomb a home
That is why I don’t like cats
She never liked cleaning the sink
It was beyond her comprehension how it got so dirty so quickly
It seemed that she was forced to clean it every other day
Even when she was extra careful to keep things clean and orderly, it still ended up looking like a mess in a couple of days
What she didn't know was there was a tiny creature living in it that didn't like things neat
Sometimes that's just the way it has to be
Sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind
It was done and that was that
It was just the way it had to be
Debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach
She wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air
She shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole
Her fingers still touched nothing but air
The headache wouldn't go away
She's taken medicine but even that didn't help
The monstrous throbbing in her head continued
She had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening
The wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on
The sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone
The next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away
The third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it
When it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever
At that moment, she realized that she had created her current life
It wasn't the life she wanted, but she took responsibility for how it currently stood
Something clicked and she saw that every choice she made to this point in her life had led to where her life stood at this very moment even if she knew this wasn't where she wanted to be
She determined to choose to change it
"Are you getting my texts???" she texted to him
He glanced at it and chuckled under his breath
Of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? He put the phone down and continued on his project
He was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so
The chair sat in the corner where it had been for over 25 years
The only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it
How long had it been since someone had done that? Ten years or more he imagined
Yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now
Don't be scared
The things out there that are unknown aren't scary in themselves
They are just unknown at the moment
Take the time to know them before you list them as scary
Then the world will be a much less scary place for you
She had come to the conclusion that you could tell a lot about a person by their ears
The way they stuck out and the size of the earlobes could give you wonderful insights into the person
Of course, she couldn't scientifically prove any of this, but that didn't matter to her
Before anything else, she would size up the ears of the person she was talking to
What if dogs were racist? Would they care about fur color….
“son, only play with other tan dogs”? Or maybe it would depend on breed, “honey, only play with other German Shepards, never poodles”
Better yet it could depend on occupation
“I’m a sled dog while you’re only a running companion, leave me alone”
Maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? Size could be the determining factor, “see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb”
Luckily dogs don’t discriminate
Just watch at a dog park
Big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs
A service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog
So if dogs don’t discriminate then why do we? He swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell 25 feet away into the river
The lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite
He never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear
Rhonda prided herself on always taking the path less traveled
She'd decided to do this at an early age and had continued to do so throughout her entire life
It was a point of pride and she would explain to anyone who would listen that doing so was something that she'd made great efforts to always do
She'd never questioned this decision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "So, is this why your life has been so difficult?" and Rhonda didn't have an answer for her
Sometimes there isn't a good answer
No matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense
And instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question
Why? How had she been so wrong? All her instincts and intuition completely failed her for the first time in her life
She had so heavily relied on both when making decisions up until this moment and she felt a seismic shift take place in her self-confidence
If she could be so completely wrong about something so simple as this, how could she make decisions about really important things taking place in her life? She wasn't sure what she should do next
Why do Americans have so many different types of towels? We have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let’s not forget paper towels
Would 1 type of towel work for each of these things? Let’s take a beach towel
It can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty
A beach towel could be used to dry dishes
Just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel
I’ve used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping
If you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too
I’d probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too
Is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that Americans enjoy or is it necessary? I’d say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary
He heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away
His heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint
"It wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint
The light was out on the front porch of the house
This was strange
Judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out
She hopped out of her car and walked to the door
It was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible
She gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized
"Surprise! Happy Birthday!" everyone shouted
Twenty-five years Dana had been waiting
She tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like
But today the opportunity had finally come
The thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen
She didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside
He hid under the covers hoping that nobody would notice him there
It really didn't make much sense since it would be obvious to anyone who walked into the room there was someone hiding there, but he still held out hope
He heard footsteps coming down the hall and stop in front in front of the bedroom door
He heard the squeak of the door hinges and someone opened the bedroom door
He held his breath waiting for whoever was about to discover him, but they never did
It seemed like it should have been so simple
There was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done
It was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case
The deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished
The alarm went off at exactly 6:00 AM as it had every morning for the past five years
Barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by 7:00 AM
The day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change
In fact, it was going to change at exactly 7:23 AM
Patrick didn't want to go
The fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less
He had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite
But she insisted that Patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship
It's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money (beyond getting a 9 to 5 job) as part of our education system
The truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money
That doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from 9 to 5 for the next fifty years o your life
He stared out the window at the snowy field
He'd been stuck in the house for close to a month and his only view of the outside world was through the window
There wasn't much to see
It was mostly just the field with an occasional bird or small animal who ventured into the field
As he continued to stare out the window, he wondered how much longer he'd be shackled to the steel bar inside the house
According to the caption on the bronze marker placed by the Multnomah Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution on May 12, 1939, “College Hall (is) the oldest building in continuous use for Educational purposes west of the Rocky Mountains
Here were educated men and women who have won recognition throughout the world in all the learned professions.” Pink ponies and purple giraffes roamed the field
Cotton candy grew from the ground as a chocolate river meandered off to the side
What looked like stones in the pasture were actually rock candy
Everything in her dream seemed to be perfect except for the fact that she had no mouth
The irony of the situation hadn't escaped her
She had taken years to sculpt the perfect persona with the perfect look that she shared on Instagram
She knew her hundreds of thousands of followers envied that life she showed and stayed engaged with her because they wanted that life too
The truth was that she wanted the perfect life she portrayed more than any of her fans
The fact was that despite all the perfection she shared on social media, her life was actually more of a mess than most
There weren't supposed to be dragons flying in the sky
First and foremost, dragons didn't exist
They were mythical creatures from fantasy books like unicorns
This was something that Pete knew in his heart to be true so he was having a difficult time acknowledging that there were actually fire-breathing dragons flying in the sky above him
"What is the best way to get what you want?" she asked
He looked down at the ground knowing that she wouldn't like his answer
He hesitated, knowing that the truth would only hurt
How was he going to tell her that the best way for him to get what he wanted was to leave her? It was a question of which of the two she preferred
On the one hand, the choice seemed simple
The more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most
It was the easy choice
The safe choice
But she wasn't sure she actually preferred it
The words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks
He never imagined he'd find himself with writer's block, but here he sat with a blank screen in front of him
That blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind
He didn't understand why he couldn't even type a single word, just one to begin the process and build from there
And yet, he already knew that the eight hours he was prepared to sit in front of his computer today would end with the screen remaining blank
He scolded himself for being so tentative
He knew he shouldn't be so cautious, but there was a sixth sense telling him that things weren't exactly as they appeared
It was that weird chill that rolls up your neck and makes the hair stand on end
He knew that being so tentative could end up costing him the job, but he learned that listening to his sixth sense usually kept him from getting into a lot of trouble
Pink ponies and purple giraffes roamed the field
Cotton candy grew from the ground as a chocolate river meandered off to the side
What looked like stones in the pasture were actually rock candy
Everything in her dream seemed to be perfect except for the fact that she had no mouth
It was a good idea
At least, they all thought it was a good idea at the time
Hindsight would reveal that in reality, it was an unbelievably terrible idea, but it would take another week for them to understand that
Right now, at this very moment
they all agreed that it was the perfect course of action for the current situation
The headache wouldn't go away
She's taken medicine but even that didn't help
The monstrous throbbing in her head continued
She had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening
All he wanted was a candy bar
It didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request
It might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face
Welcome to my world
You will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible
That is if you are able to survive..
There were little things that she simply could not stand
The sound of someone tapping their nails on the table
A person chewing with their mouth open
Another human imposing themselves into her space
She couldn't stand any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of them combined
I guess we could discuss the implications of the phrase "meant to be." That is if we wanted to drown ourselves in a sea of backwardly referential semantics and other mumbo-jumbo
Maybe such a discussion would result in the determination that "meant to be" is exactly as meaningless a phrase as it seems to be, and that none of us is actually meant to be doing anything at all
But that's my existential underpants underpinnings showing
It's the way the cookie crumbles
And now I want a cookie
She sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places
She paused and considered all that had happened
It hadn't gone as expected
When the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day's events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day
There was only half a worm in the apple
At first, Judy didn't quite comprehend what this meant
"Why would only half a worm be living in an apple?" she wondered
And then it dawned on her
Judy quickly spit out the bite she had just taken expecting to see the other half of the worm
It ended up being much worse than that
It was the first day of the rest of her life
This wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward
Although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing
Her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend
She threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life
He wandered down the stairs and into the basement
The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air
A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper
He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years
He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live
Frank knew there was a correct time and place to reveal his secret and this wasn't it
The issue was that the secret might be revealed despite his best attempt to keep it from coming out
At this point, it was out of his control and completely dependant on those around him who also knew the secret
They wouldn't purposely reveal it, or at least he believed that, but they could easily inadvertently expose it
It was going to be a long hour as he nervously eyed everyone around the table hoping they would keep their mouths shut
Dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament
He ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense
He wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment
The first was how to get out of his current situation of being naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down
Sometimes it's just better not to be seen
That's how Harry had always lived his life
He prided himself as being the fly on the wall and the fae that blended into the crowd
That's why he was so shocked that she noticed him
I've rented a car in Las Vegas and have reserved a hotel in Twentynine Palms which is just north of Joshua Tree
We'll drive from Las Vegas through Mojave National Preserve and possibly do a short hike on our way down
Then spend all day on Monday at Joshua Tree
We can decide the next morning if we want to do more in Joshua Tree or Mojave before we head back
Turning away from the ledge, he started slowly down the mountain, deciding that he would, that very night, satisfy his curiosity about the man-house
In the meantime, he would go down into the canyon and get a cool drink, after which he would visit some berry patches just over the ridge, and explore among the foothills a bit before his nap-time, which always came just after the sun had walked past the middle of the sky
At that period of the day the sun’s warm rays seemed to cast a sleepy spell over the silent mountainside, so all of the animals, with one accord, had decided it should be the hour for their mid-day sleep
The river slowly meandered through the open space
It had hidden secrets that it didn't want to reveal
It had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing
That's how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water's edge
Benny was tired
Not the normal every day tired from a hard day o work
The exhausted type of tired where you're surprised your body can even move
All he wanted to do was sit in front of the TV, put his feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer
The only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived
The leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years
It wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it
The scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty
The jacket was in its prime and it knew it
"Begin today!" That's all the note said
There was no indication from where it came or who may have written it
Had it been meant for someone else? Meghan looked around the room, but nobody made eye contact back
For a brief moment, she thought it might be a message for her to follow her dreams, but ultimately decided it was easier to ignore it as she crumpled it up and threw it away
I haven't bailed on writing
Look, I'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track
I am making an effort
I will start writing consistently again! There was a time and a place for Stephanie to use her magic
The problem was that she had a difficult time determining this
She wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences
Unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time
Breastfeeding is good for babies and moms
Infants that are breastfed get antibodies from their mothers against common illnesses
Breastfed babies have less chance of being obese as an adult
Breastfeeding a baby lets the infant-mother pair bond in a very unique way
Mother’s who breastfeed lower their chances of developing breast cancer
Usually, mothers who breastfeed lose their pregnancy weight more quickly and easily
The benefits of breastfeeding are numerous
There was a reason for her shyness
Everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better
She knew the exact moment that the shyness began
It had been that fateful moment at the lake
There are just some events that do that to you
She's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore
The answers were always the same
Well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense
A more accurate description was the answers never surprised her
So, she asked for the 10,000th time, "What's your favorite animal?" But this time was different
When she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly
It had been her dream for years but Dana had failed to take any action toward making it come true
There had always been a good excuse to delay or prioritize another project
As she woke, she realized she was once again at a crossroads
Would it be another excuse or would she finally find the courage to pursue her dream? Dana rose and took her first step
Twenty-five stars were neatly placed on the piece of paper
There was room for five more stars but they would be difficult ones to earn
It had taken years to earn the first twenty-five, and they were considered the "easy" ones
He read about a hike called the incline in the guidebook
It said it was a strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water
“A beautiful hike to the clouds” described one review
“Not for the faint-hearted,” said another
“Not too bad of a workout”, bragged a third review
I thought I’d hike it when I fly in from Maryland on my day off from the senior citizen's wellness conference
I hiked 2 miles a day around the neighborhood so I could handle a 1.1-mile hike
What a foolish mistake that was for a 70-year-old low-lander
It was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind
He'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped
There was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last
She considered the birds to be her friends
She'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day
She wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her
Would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning? Sometimes it's the first moment of the day that catches you off guard
That's what Wendy was thinking
She opened her window to see fire engines screeching down the street
While this wasn't something completely unheard of, it also wasn't normal
It was a sure sign of what was going to happen that day
She could feel it in her bones and it wasn't the way she wanted the day to begin
It's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money (beyond getting a 9 to 5 job) as part of our education system
The truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money
That doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from 9 to 5 for the next fifty years o your life
Brenda never wanted to be famous
While most of her friends dreamed about being famous, she could see the negative aspects that those who wanted to be famous seemed to ignore
The fact that you could never do anything in public without being mobbed and the complete lack of privacy was something that she never wanted to experience
She also had no desire to have strangers speculating about every aspect of her life and what each thing she did was supposed to mean
Brenda was perfectly happy with her anonymous life where she could do exactly as she wanted without anyone else giving a damn
Thus, her overnight Internet celebrity was not something she was thrilled about as her friends told her how lucky she was
He wondered if he should disclose the truth to his friends
It would be a risky move
Yes, the truth would make things a lot easier if they all stayed on the same page, but the truth might fracture the group leaving everything in even more of a mess than it was not telling the truth
It was time to decide which way to go
She looked at her student wondering if she could ever get through
"You need to learn to think for yourself," she wanted to tell him
"Your friends are holding you back and bringing you down." But she didn't because she knew his friends were all that he had and even if that meant a life of misery, he would never give them up
The spot was perfect for camouflage
At least that's what she thought when she picked the spot
She couldn't imagine that anyone would ever be able to see her in these surroundings
So there she sat, confident that she was hidden from the world and safe from danger
Unfortunately, she had not anticipated that others may be looking upon her from other angles, and now they were stealthily descending toward her hiding spot
I recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees that shades one side of the valley
I had wandered into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly quiet, and was startled by the roar of my own gun, as it broke the Sabbath stillness around and was prolonged and reverberated by the angry echoes
She closed her eyes and then opened them again
What she was seeing just didn't make sense
She shook her head seeing if that would help
It didn't
Although it seemed beyond reality, there was no denying she was witnessing a large formation of alien spaceships filling the sky
MaryLou wore the tiara with pride
There was something that made doing anything she didn't really want to do a bit easier when she wore it
She really didn't care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment
Her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair
They were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes
She was rather handsome than beautiful
Her face was captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features
Her manner was engaging
The water rush down the wash and into the slot canyon below
Two hikers had started the day to sunny weather without a cloud in the sky, but they hadn't thought to check the weather north of the canyon
Huge thunderstorms had brought a deluge o rain and produced flash floods heading their way
The two hikers had no idea what was coming
The chair sat in the corner where it had been for over 25 years
The only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it
How long had it been since someone had done that? Ten years or more he imagined
Yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now
It was supposed to be a dream vacation
They had planned it over a year in advance so that it would be perfect in every way
It had been what they had been looking forward to through all the turmoil and negativity around them
It had been the light at the end of both their tunnels
Now that the dream vacation was only a week away, the virus had stopped all air travel
It had been a rough day
Things hadn't gone as planned and that meant Hannah got yelled at by her boss
It didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault
When things went wrong at work, Hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances
It wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had
He couldn't remember exactly where he had read it, but he was sure that he had
The fact that she didn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began to search the Internet to find the article
It wasn't as if it was something that seemed impossible
Yet she insisted on always seeing the source whenever he stated a fact
It was a rat's nest
Not a literal one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemble every morning when she got up
It was going to take at least an hour to get it under control and she was sick and tired of it
She peered into the mirror and wondered if it was worth it
It wasn't
She opened the drawer and picked up the hair clippers
There was a reason for her shyness
Everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better
She knew the exact moment that the shyness began
It had been that fateful moment at the lake
There are just some events that do that to you
Mary had to make a decision and she knew that whatever decision she made, it would upset someone
It seemed like such a silly reason for people to get upset but she knew the minute that she began to consider doing it that there was no way everyone in her life would be pleased with what she ultimately decided to do
It was simply a question of who she would rather displease most
While this had always been her parents, and especially her mom, in the past that she tried to keep from upsetting, she decided that this time the person she was going to please the most with her decision was herself
It was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind
He'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped
There was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last
It wasn't that he hated her
It was simply that he didn't like her much
It was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand
She was in love and wanted him to feel the same way
He didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand
There was a time and a place for Stephanie to use her magic
The problem was that she had a difficult time determining this
She wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences
Unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time
Was it a whisper or was it the wind? He wasn't quite sure
He thought he heard a voice but at this moment all he could hear was the wind rustling the leaves of the trees all around him
He stopped and listened more intently to see if he could hear the voice again
Nothing but the wind rustling the leaves could be heard
He was about to continue his walk when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he quickly turned to see who it was
There was nobody there, but he heard the voice again
He watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence
There was no doubt that he was smart
The fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence
The words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks
He never imagined he'd find himself with writer's block, but here he sat with a blank screen in front of him
That blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind
He didn't understand why he couldn't even type a single word, just one to begin the process and build from there
And yet, he already knew that the eight hours he was prepared to sit in front of his computer today would end with the screen remaining blank
At that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider
"I could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." He tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent
It didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to
Nobody really understood Kevin
It wasn't that he was super strange or difficult
It was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him
This was a shame as Kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had
It was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if Kevin offered to give them the answers
So, Kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself
Why do Americans have so many different types of towels? We have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let’s not forget paper towels
Would 1 type of towel work for each of these things? Let’s take a beach towel
It can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty
A beach towel could be used to dry dishes
Just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel
I’ve used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping
If you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too
I’d probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too
Is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that Americans enjoy or is it necessary? I’d say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary
They told her that this was her once chance to show the world what she was made of
She believed them at the time
It was the big stage and she knew the world would be there to see
The only one who had disagreed with this sentiment was her brother
He had told her that you don't show the world what you're made of when they are all watching, you show that in your actions when nobody was looking
It was looking more and more like her brother was correct
The boy walked down the street in a carefree way, playing without notice of what was about him
He didn't hear the sound of the car as his ball careened into the road
He took a step toward it, and in doing so sealed his fate
They had always called it the green river
It made sense
The river was green
The river likely had a different official name, but to everyone in town, it was and had always been the green river
So it was with great surprise that on this day the green river was a fluorescent pink
After hunting for several hours, we finally saw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock
I took one of the wooden clubs while Larry took the longer one
We slowly snuck up behind the seal until we were close enough to club it over its head
The seal slumped over and died
This seal would help us survive
We could eat the meat and fat
The fat could be burned in a shell for light and the fur could be used to make a blanket
We declared our first day of hunting a great success
Her mom had warned her
She had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her
She had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion
So when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray
It was her first big lesson in life, but not the last
She sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places
She paused and considered all that had happened
It hadn't gone as expected
When the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day's events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day
Her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette
The morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air
There was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning
One dollar and eighty-seven cents
That was all
And sixty cents of it was in pennies
Pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one’s cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied
One dollar and eighty-seven cents
And the next day would be Christmas..
It's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money (beyond getting a 9 to 5 job) as part of our education system
The truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money
That doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from 9 to 5 for the next fifty years o your life
The fog was as thick as pea soup
This was a problem
Gary was driving but couldn't see a thing in front of him
He knew he should stop, but the road was narrow so if he did, it would be right in the center of the road
He was sure that another car would end up rear-ending him, so he continued forward despite the lack of visibility
This was an unwise move
Benny was tired
Not the normal every day tired from a hard day o work
The exhausted type of tired where you're surprised your body can even move
All he wanted to do was sit in front of the TV, put his feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer
The only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived
The red glint of paint sparkled under the sun
He had dreamed of owning this car since he was ten, and that dream had become a reality less than a year ago
It was his baby and he spent hours caring for it, pampering it, and fondling over it
She knew this all too well, and that's exactly why she had taken a sludge hammer to it
I love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as I begin to shape the log in front of me
The sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut I am making
The smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique
The water is sprayed out as I cut through the different layers of wood
A log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools
I have those hands and imagination
I use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object
That is why I enjoy turning wood
There was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe
All one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty
Yet Bob didn't see another option
He may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have
A choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly
Waiting and watching
It was all she had done for the past weeks
When you’re locked in a room with nothing but food and drink, that’s about all you can do anyway
She watched as birds flew past the window bolted shut
She couldn’t reach it if she wanted too, with that hole in the floor
She thought she could escape through it but three stories is a bit far down
At that moment, she realized that she had created her current life
It wasn't the life she wanted, but she took responsibility for how it currently stood
Something clicked and she saw that every choice she made to this point in her life had led to where her life stood at this very moment even if she knew this wasn't where she wanted to be
She determined to choose to change it
It really shouldn't have mattered to Betty
That's what she kept trying to convince herself even if she knew it mattered to Betty more than practically anything else
Why was she trying to convince herself otherwise? As she stepped forward to knock on Betty's door, she still didn't have a convincing answer to this question that she'd been asking herself for more than two years now
She's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore
The answers were always the same
Well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense
A more accurate description was the answers never surprised her
So, she asked for the 10,000th time, "What's your favorite animal?" But this time was different
When she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly
"Can I get you anything else?" David asked
It was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer
It had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply
Nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and David didn't know how he should respond
Pink ponies and purple giraffes roamed the field
Cotton candy grew from the ground as a chocolate river meandered off to the side
What looked like stones in the pasture were actually rock candy
Everything in her dream seemed to be perfect except for the fact that she had no mouth
Do you really listen when you are talking with someone? I have a friend who listens in an unforgiving way
She actually takes every word you say as being something important and when you have a friend that listens like that, words take on a whole new meaning
The trail to the left had a "Danger! Do Not Pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right
This wasn't the way Zeke approached his hiking
Rather than a warning, Zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting
As the others in the group all shited to the right, Zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret
The amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop
It waited
While many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans
It wanted to be part of history
It wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history
So it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future
Sometimes there isn't a good answer
No matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense
And instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question
Why? It was a scrape that he hardly noticed
Sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures
There was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream
He felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him
He sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction
She sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched
Both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had been happy together
He couldn't remember exactly where he had read it, but he was sure that he had
The fact that she didn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began to search the Internet to find the article
It wasn't as if it was something that seemed impossible
Yet she insisted on always seeing the source whenever he stated a fact
They needed to find a place to eat
The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown
Even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy
Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others
It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown
Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly
He had done everything right
There had been no mistakes throughout the entire process
It had been perfection and he knew it without a doubt, but the results still stared back at him with the fact that he had lost
There was nothing to indicate Nancy was going to change the world
She looked like an average girl going to an average high school
It was the fact that everything about her seemed average that would end up becoming her superpower
She tried not to judge him
His ratty clothes and unkempt hair made him look homeless
Was he really the next Einstein as she had been told? On the off chance it was true, she continued to try not to judge him
There was a leak in the boat
Nobody had yet noticed it, and nobody would for the next couple of hours
This was a problem since the boat was heading out to sea and while the leak was quite small at the moment, it would be much larger when it was ultimately discovered
John had planned it exactly this way
He ordered his regular breakfast
Two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two strips of bacon
He continued to look at the menu wondering if this would be the day he added something new
This was also part of the routine
A few seconds of hesitation to see if something else would be added to the order before demuring and saying that would be all
It was the same exact meal that he had ordered every day for the past two years
Brenda never wanted to be famous
While most of her friends dreamed about being famous, she could see the negative aspects that those who wanted to be famous seemed to ignore
The fact that you could never do anything in public without being mobbed and the complete lack of privacy was something that she never wanted to experience
She also had no desire to have strangers speculating about every aspect of her life and what each thing she did was supposed to mean
Brenda was perfectly happy with her anonymous life where she could do exactly as she wanted without anyone else giving a damn
Thus, her overnight Internet celebrity was not something she was thrilled about as her friends told her how lucky she was
It seemed like it should have been so simple
There was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done
It was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case
The deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished
Housework could be everyone’s work, not just “women’s work”
Why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? Somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own
My friend’s husband claimed he didn’t know that sheets should be washed more than once a season
He said he didn’t know one had to clean toilets
He assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves
She tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook
Wouldn’t it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is “just bad at it”
My sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets
Hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes
it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes
David had promised that he would be on time today
He never was, but he had promised this one time
She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise
Now she was paying the price
She didn't understand how changed worked
When she looked at today compared to yesterday, there was nothing that she could see that was different
Yet, when she looked at today compared to last year, she couldn't see how anything was ever the same
Her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head
It didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt
While most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year
That was her secret
She kept worlds on top of her head
Love isn't always a ray of sunshine
That's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man
She had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers
But now she had to face the fact that they may have been right
Love may not always be a ray of sunshine
That is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn
I love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as I begin to shape the log in front of me
The sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut I am making
The smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique
The water is sprayed out as I cut through the different layers of wood
A log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools
I have those hands and imagination
I use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object
That is why I enjoy turning wood
It's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money (beyond getting a 9 to 5 job) as part of our education system
The truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money
That doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from 9 to 5 for the next fifty years o your life
The box sat on the desk next to the computer
It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier
She didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been
As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life
Green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy
Ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore
At least this was the way it was supposed to be
Something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway
He slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block
He didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it
It was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project
She had been told time and time again that the most important steps were the first and the last
It was something that she carried within her in everything she did, but then he showed up and disrupted everything
He told her that she had it wrong
The first step wasn't the most important
The last step wasn't the most important
It was the next step that was the most important
It had been a rough day
Things hadn't gone as planned and that meant Hannah got yelled at by her boss
It didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault
When things went wrong at work, Hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances
It wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had
One foot in front of the other, One more step, and then one more
Jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest
He's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step
Then another
And then one more
She reached her goal, exhausted
Even more chilling to her was that the euphoria that she thought she'd feel upon reaching it wasn't there
Something wasn't right
Was this the only feeling she'd have for over five years of hard work? He collected the plastic trash on a daily basis
It never seemed to end
Even if he cleaned the entire beach, more plastic would cover it the next day after the tide had come in
Although it was a futile effort that would never be done, he continued to pick up the trash each day
Twenty-five hours had passed since the incident
It seemed to be a lot longer than that
That twenty-five hours seemed more like a week in her mind
The fact that she still was having trouble comprehending exactly what took place wasn't helping the matter
She thought if she could just get a little rest the entire incident might make a little more sense
Welcome to my world
You will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible
That is if you are able to survive..
He scolded himself for being so tentative
He knew he shouldn't be so cautious, but there was a sixth sense telling him that things weren't exactly as they appeared
It was that weird chill that rolls up your neck and makes the hair stand on end
He knew that being so tentative could end up costing him the job, but he learned that listening to his sixth sense usually kept him from getting into a lot of trouble
All he could think about was how it would all end
There was still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see
No matter how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen
The end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty
"Can I get you anything else?" David asked
It was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer
It had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply
Nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and David didn't know how he should respond
Her hand was balled into a fist with her keys protruding out from between her fingers
This was the weapon her father had shown her how to make when she walked alone to her car after work
She wished that she had something a little more potent than keys between her fingers
It would have been nice to have some mace or pepper spray
He had been meaning to buy some but had never gotten around to it
As the mother bear took another step forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense for this situation
She didn't like the food
She never did
She made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming
But this time was different
Instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word
April seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices
She looked at her bed and what a mess it had become
How did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night? It was a simple tip of the hat
Grace didn't think that anyone else besides her had even noticed it
It wasn't anything that the average person would notice, let alone remember at the end of the day
That's why it seemed so unbelievable that this little gesture would ultimately change the course of the world
He hid under the covers hoping that nobody would notice him there
It really didn't make much sense since it would be obvious to anyone who walked into the room there was someone hiding there, but he still held out hope
He heard footsteps coming down the hall and stop in front in front of the bedroom door
He heard the squeak of the door hinges and someone opened the bedroom door
He held his breath waiting for whoever was about to discover him, but they never did
Do you really listen when you are talking with someone? I have a friend who listens in an unforgiving way
She actually takes every word you say as being something important and when you have a friend that listens like that, words take on a whole new meaning
It was always the Monday mornings
It never seemed to happen on Tuesday morning, Wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week
But it happened every Monday morning like clockwork
He mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case
She had been an angel for coming up on 10 years and in all that time nobody had told her this was possible
The fact that it could ever happen never even entered her mind
Yet there she stood, with the undeniable evidence sitting on the ground before her
Angels could lose their wings
Wandering down the path to the pond had become a daily routine
Even when the weather wasn't cooperating like today with the wind and rain, Jerry still took the morning stroll down the path until he reached the pond
Although there didn't seem to be a particular reason Jerry did this to anyone looking in from the outside, those who knew him well knew exactly what was going on
It could all be traced back to a specific incident that happened exactly 5 years previously
There was something special about this little creature
Donna couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all her heart that it was true
It wasn't a matter of if she was going to try and save it, but a matter of how she was going to save it
She went back to the car to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone
The alarm went off and Jake rose awake
Rising early had become a daily ritual, one that he could not fully explain
From the outside, it was a wonder that he was able to get up so early each morning for someone who had absolutely no plans to be productive during the entire day
Sarah watched the whirlpool mesmerized
She couldn't take her eyes off the water swirling around and around
She stuck in small twigs and leaves to watch the whirlpool catch them and then suck them down
It bothered her more than a little bit that this could also be used as a metaphor for her life
"It doesn't take much to touch someone's heart," Daisy said with a smile on her face
"It's often just the little things you do that can change a person's day for the better." Daisy truly believed this to be the way the world worked, but she didn't understand that she was merely a robot that had been programmed to believe this
Things aren't going well at all with mom today
She is just a limp noodle and wants to sleep all the time
I sure hope that things get better soon
Stranded
Yes, she was now the first person ever to land on Venus, but that was of little consequence
Her name would be read by millions in school as the first to land here, but that celebrity would never actually be seen by her
She looked at the control panel and knew there was nothing that would ever get it back into working order
She was the first and it was not clear this would also be her last
He heard the loud impact before he ever saw the result
It had been so loud that it had actually made him jump back in his seat
As soon as he recovered from the surprise, he saw the crack in the windshield
It seemed to be an analogy of the current condition of his life
Then came the night of the first falling star
It was seen early in the morning, rushing over Winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere
Hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star
It seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him
Frank knew there was a correct time and place to reveal his secret and this wasn't it
The issue was that the secret might be revealed despite his best attempt to keep it from coming out
At this point, it was out of his control and completely dependant on those around him who also knew the secret
They wouldn't purposely reveal it, or at least he believed that, but they could easily inadvertently expose it
It was going to be a long hour as he nervously eyed everyone around the table hoping they would keep their mouths shut
He wondered if he should disclose the truth to his friends
It would be a risky move
Yes, the truth would make things a lot easier if they all stayed on the same page, but the truth might fracture the group leaving everything in even more of a mess than it was not telling the truth
It was time to decide which way to go
The leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years
It wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it
The scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty
The jacket was in its prime and it knew it
I guess we could discuss the implications of the phrase "meant to be." That is if we wanted to drown ourselves in a sea of backwardly referential semantics and other mumbo-jumbo
Maybe such a discussion would result in the determination that "meant to be" is exactly as meaningless a phrase as it seems to be, and that none of us is actually meant to be doing anything at all
But that's my existential underpants underpinnings showing
It's the way the cookie crumbles
And now I want a cookie
He looked at the sand
Picking up a handful, he wondered how many grains were in his hand
Hundreds of thousands? "Not enough," the said under his breath
I need more
There once lived an old man and an old woman who were peasants and had to work hard to earn their daily bread
The old man used to go to fix fences and do other odd jobs for the farmers around, and while he was gone the old woman, his wife, did the work of the house and worked in their own little plot of land
He couldn't move
His head throbbed and spun
He couldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking last night
It was probably a combination of both
She wanted rainbow hair
That's what she told the hairdresser
It should be deep rainbow colors, too
She wasn't interested in pastel rainbow hair
She wanted it deep and vibrant so there was no doubt that she had done this on purpose
Dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament
He ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense
He wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment
The first was how to get out of his current situation of being naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down
The light blinded him
It was dark and he thought he was the only one in the area, but the light shining in his eyes proved him wrong
It came from about 100 feet away and was shining so directly into his eyes he couldn't make out anything about the person holding the light
There was only one thing to do in this situation
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a flashlight of his own that was much stronger than the one currently blinding him
He turned it on and pointed it into the stranger's eyes
Samantha wanted to be famous
The problem was that she had never considered all the downsides to actually being famous
Had she taken the time to objectively consider these downsides, she would have never agreed to publically sing that first song
He heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away
His heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint
"It wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint
Have you ever wondered about toes? Why 10 toes and not 12
Why are some bigger than others? Some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command
Some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at
Toes can be stubbed and make us scream
Toes help us balance and walk
10 toes are just something to ponder
I checked in for the night at Out O The Way motel
What a bad choice that was
First I took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain
Next, the towel rack fell down when I reached for the one small bath towel
This allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet
I tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn’t stop scrolling through the channels
I gave up for the night and crawled into bed
I stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot
Filled with fear, I reached down and to my surprise, I pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear
After my initial relief that it wasn’t alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain
I jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car
He had done everything right
There had been no mistakes throughout the entire process
It had been perfection and he knew it without a doubt, but the results still stared back at him with the fact that he had lost
The day had begun on a bright note
The sun finally peeked through the rain for the first time in a week, and the birds were singing in its warmth
There was no way to anticipate what was about to happen
It was a worst-case scenario and there was no way out of it
Sometimes it just doesn't make sense
The man walking down the street in a banana suit
The llama standing in the middle of the road
The fairies dancing in front of the car window
The fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream